EXTRA: Today is the 10th anniversary of the great disaster of Fuyuki city.	
EXTRA: A remembrance ceremony will be held at Fuyuki Central Park.	
EXTRA: The great disaster resulted in over 500 casualties, and the cause of it is still unknown.	
EXTRA: The site of the disaster still bears a large scar from the incident.	
EXTRA: The 400 participants and victims offer flowers and silent mourning as they pledge once again for the recovery of this city.	
EXTRA: The next news item is also from Fuyuki City.	
EXTRA: Regarding the frequent gas leaks that have been occuring since the 20th of this month...	
Taiga Fujimura: I can't eat anymore!	
Sakura Matou: It's gotten quite late.	
Sakura Matou: It's about time for me to go.	
Shirou Emiya: I'll accompany you.	
Shirou Emiya: It's gotten quite dangerous outside recently.	
Taiga Fujimura: Don't forget to lock the doors!	
Sakura Matou: Sorry, Senpai.	
Shirou Emiya: No, I'm the one who should apologize.	
Shirou Emiya: You stayed over this late to help out with the housework.	
Sakura Matou: Please don't worry about it.	
Sakura Matou: It makes me happy to have dinner with so many people.	
Sakura Matou: Senpai, your hand...	
Shirou Emiya: Maybe I cut myself fiddling with the junk.	
Rin Tohsaka: I hereby propose.	
Rin Tohsaka: Thou shalt come under my command,	
Rin Tohsaka: and thy sword shalt control my fate.	
Rin Tohsaka: Abiding by the summons of the Holy Grail,	
Rin Tohsaka: if thou accedest to this will and reason, answer me.	
Rin Tohsaka: I hereby swear.	
Rin Tohsaka: I am all that is good in the eternal world.	
Rin Tohsaka: I am the disposer of evil in the eternal world.	
Rin Tohsaka: Thee, clad with the Great Trinity,	
Rin Tohsaka: come forth from the circle of constraint.	
Rin Tohsaka: Guardian of the Heavens!	
Kirei Kotomine: The Holy Grail War.	
Kirei Kotomine: It revolves around an omnipotent tool that will grant its owner any wish: the Holy Grail.	
Kirei Kotomine: It is a competition between seven Masters employing the use of seven Servants.	
Kirei Kotomine: The Holy Grail will choose its most suitable possessor.	
Kirei Kotomine: Masters face each other in battles and kill each other off.	
Kirei Kotomine: The Grail selects only one possessor.	
Kirei Kotomine: Servants are legendary heroes, entities given flesh by the Holy Grail.	
Kirei Kotomine: They essentially accompany their Masters in spiritual form,	
Kirei Kotomine: and can be materialized to fight for their Masters when necessary.	
Kirei Kotomine: The Grail is capable of performing such miracles,	
Kirei Kotomine: so it follows that it can grant its bearer unlimited power.	
Lancer: Who's there?!	
Rin Tohsaka: Oh, no!	
Rin Tohsaka: I didn't know someone was still here!	
Lancer: Yo.	
Lancer: Die!	
Saber: I am Servant Saber.	
Saber: I have heeded your summoning, and come forth.	
Saber: I ask you.	
Saber: Are you my Master?	
Kirei Kotomine: Emiya Shirou.	
Kirei Kotomine: From now on, your world will change dramatically.	
Kirei Kotomine: You are now someone who kills, or gets killed.	
Kirei Kotomine: You have already become a Master.	
Shirou Emiya: I'll fight.	
Shirou Emiya: For the sake of putting an end to this
ridiculous fight you call the Holy Grail War!	
Kirei Kotomine: Rejoice, young man.	
Kirei Kotomine: Your wish will finally be granted.	
Kirei Kotomine: There is no need to pretend.	
Kirei Kotomine: Your troubles are very fitting as a human being.	
Rin Tohsaka: Now, then...	
Rin Tohsaka: You do understand that we were enemies to begin with, right?	
Shirou Emiya: Enemies?	
Rin Tohsaka: You know, the reason I brought you to Kirei's church	
Rin Tohsaka: is because it'd be foolish to call you one if you didn't know anything.	
Rin Tohsaka: But now you're also a Master, Emiya-kun.	
Rin Tohsaka: So there's only one thing left for us to do, I think?	
Shirou Emiya: Oh, I see.	
Archer: What are you doing?	
Archer: Whether our opponent is ready or not is none of our concern.	
Rin Tohsaka: I already knew that-	
Archer: If you do understand, then put it into action.	
Archer: I do hope you aren't pitying him.	
Rin Tohsaka: Of course not!	
Rin Tohsaka: It's just...	
Rin Tohsaka: I just don't like picking a fight with someone who has no idea what's going on.	
Archer: Making things difficult again...	
Rin Tohsaka: We'll part here.	
Rin Tohsaka: We'll be enemies starting tomorrow.	
Rin Tohsaka: I won't go easy on you, so prepare yourself.	
Shirou Emiya: Yeah.	
Shirou Emiya: Tohsaka, you sure are nice.	
Rin Tohsaka: W-What was that for?!	
Rin Tohsaka: Your sweet-talk won't make me go any easier on you!	
Shirou Emiya: I know.	
Shirou Emiya: But I'd rather not become your enemy if I could help it.	
Shirou Emiya: I actually really...	
Shirou Emiya: ...like people like you.	
Rin Tohsaka: A-Anyway, you better watch out!	
Rin Tohsaka: No matter now superior Saber is, it's all over for you if you're killed!	
Rin Tohsaka: Illyasviel...	
Rin Tohsaka: ...and Beserker!	
Saber: Shirou, stand back!	
Illyasviel von Einzbern: Kill them all, Berserker.	
Shirou Emiya: Saber!	
Shirou Emiya: An invisible... sword...	
Shirou Emiya: Saber!	
Shirou Emiya: Saber!	
Rin Tohsaka: You idiot, you'll get killed!	
Shirou Emiya: I can't just leave Saber alone!	
Rin Tohsaka: Shirou!	
Rin Tohsaka: Archer?	
Rin Tohsaka: "Get away"? What do you mean?	
Saber: Shirou.	
Saber: That's...	
Shirou Emiya: Archer's weapon.	
Shirou Emiya: He wanted to kill me off along with Berserker...	
Shirou Emiya: ...knowing that he would also hurt you and Tohsaka, Saber.	
Illyasviel von Einzbern: I've changed my opinion, Rin.	
Illyasviel von Einzbern: Your Archer isn't bad at all.	
Illyasviel von Einzbern: Let's go home, Berserker.	
Illyasviel von Einzbern: Bye-bye.	
Illyasviel von Einzbern: We'll meet again, Onii-chan.	
Saber: Shirou!	
Rin Tohsaka: Emiya-kun?!	
Archer: Are you serious about a truce?	
Rin Tohsaka: Berserker is an unbelievably strong opponent.	
Rin Tohsaka: Don't you think going against him with Saber and her Master...	
Rin Tohsaka: ...is a good idea?	
Archer: It's not a good idea. They'll only burden us.	
Archer: Reconsider, Rin.	
Rin Tohsaka: Are you saying you won't follow your Master's plan?	
Archer: I have to follow it.	
Archer: For as long as you are my Master, however.	
Rin Tohsaka: Wait.	
Rin Tohsaka: I don't think you've told me what Heroic Spirit you are.	
Rin Tohsaka: Do you remember your real name now?	
Archer: No, not yet.	
Archer: It appears my memories are incomplete.	
Archer: Know this, Rin.	
Archer: This is due to your imperfect summoning.	
Rin Tohsaka: Don't lecture me!	
Rin Tohsaka: Hey, come back and carry my bags for me!	
Shirou Emiya: Ouch...	
Shirou Emiya: A dream?	
Saber: May I have more rice?	
Sakura Matou: Ah, yes.	
Shirou Emiya: Saber, you're not picky about your food, are you?	
Saber: Correct.	
Saber: As long as it tastes good on my palate, I don't mind.	
Rin Tohsaka: I'm envious of how you can have
so many bowls of rice and still not get fat.	
Taiga Fujimura: Morning!	
Taiga Fujimura: I'm starving, so give me some-	
Taiga Fujimura: Hey! Since when did this house have so many people?!	
Taiga Fujimura: I'd like an acceptable explanation...	
Rin Tohsaka: Um, my apologies.	
Rin Tohsaka: I should have discussed this with you earlier, Fujimura-sensei.	
Rin Tohsaka: The truth is...	
Rin Tohsaka: My house is undergoing a complete renovation.	
Taiga Fujimura: Oh?	
Taiga Fujimura: It must be quite troubling to have a sibling come from overseas...	
Taiga Fujimura: ...at a time like this, Tohsaka-san!	
Rin Tohsaka: I was going to take a break from school and stay at a hotel for the time being...	
Rin Tohsaka: But in the end, I couldn't refuse Emiya-kun's kind offer...	
Rin Tohsaka: We're schoolmates, but I...	
Taiga Fujimura: Don't worry about it!	
Taiga Fujimura: This house...	
Taiga Fujimura: And Shirou...	
Taiga Fujimura: Use them as you please!	
Rin Tohsaka: Thank you very much!	
Taiga Fujimura: More rice!	
Saber: I'd like some more, too.	
Sakura Matou: Ah, okay.	
Taiga Fujimura: Sakura-chan!	
Taiga Fujimura: You'll be late for morning practice! Hurry!	
Taiga Fujimura: Hurry, hurry, I'm gonna go!	
Sakura Matou: Ah, I'm sorry!	
Taiga Fujimura: Come, come, we gotta hurry!	
Sakura Matou: Yes.	
Shirou Emiya: You're coming with me to school?	
Saber: A Servant must protect her Master.	
Shirou Emiya: There's a lot of people at school.	
Shirou Emiya: There's nothing to worry about, so just wait for me at home.	
Saber: If that's what my Master tells me,
I have no choice but to believe you.	
Saber: However, please promise me.	
Saber: Be sure to call for me the minute you sense any danger.	
Saber: If you think about needing me,	
Saber: those thoughts will be conveyed to me.	
Saber: If you deduce that I won't make it in time,
please use a Command Spell.	
Shirou Emiya: Yeah. I promise.	
Shirou Emiya: What is this?	
Shirou Emiya: This sickly feeling...	
Shinji Matou: Yo, Emiya.	
Shinji Matou: You'll be late if you don't hurry.	
Shirou Emiya: Shinji.	
Shinji Matou: Oh?	
Shinji Matou: What's the matter? You don't look so good.	
Shirou Emiya: I-It's nothing.	
Shirou Emiya: I'm just feeling a little dizzy.	
Shinji Matou: Don't make me worry.	
Shinji Matou: You look like you're about to die already.	
Shirou Emiya: A magic field?	
Rin Tohsaka: There's another Master in the school,	
Rin Tohsaka: and he's the one who cast the field.	
Shirou Emiya: So that's why I felt so uncomfortable coming in.	
Shirou Emiya: But why would he do that?	
Rin Tohsaka: The more life force Servants consume, the more mana they accumulate.	
Rin Tohsaka: I'm pretty sure he's using the students of this school as live sacrifices to strengthen his Servant.	
Shirou Emiya: What?!	
Rin Tohsaka: However, the field doesn't seem to be complete yet.	
Rin Tohsaka: I won't let him activate it, no matter what.	
Shirou Emiya: We have to find this Master and stop him immediately!	
Shirou Emiya: Was that a...	
Rin Tohsaka: ...scream?	
Rin Tohsaka: Wait, Emiya-kun!	
Shirou Emiya: What a relief. She's just passed out.	
Rin Tohsaka: Obviously not!	
Rin Tohsaka: Her life force has been drained from her.	
Rin Tohsaka: Wait, I should be able to do something about this.	
Rin Tohsaka: Verheilt. Ich bin verheilt...	
Shirou Emiya: Take care of her.	
Rin Tohsaka: Emiya-kun!	
Shinji Matou: You actually came here all alone...	
Shirou Emiya: Shinji!	
Rider: You...	
Rider: Won't you call for your Servant?	
Shinji Matou: Emiya is pretty dull.	
Shinji Matou: He probably forgot how to call for his Servant.	
Shirou Emiya: Don't tell me the one who cast the field over the school was...	
Shinji Matou: Yeah, it was me.	
Shinji Matou: I can kill everyone in this school whenever I feel like it.	
Shirou Emiya: Stop...	
Shinji Matou: What? You're giving me orders?	
Shinji Matou: Who do you think you are?	
Shirou Emiya: Shinji!	
Shinji Matou: You're annoying.	
Shinji Matou: Emiya...	
Shinji Matou: Die.	
Shinji Matou: We're going, Rider.	
Rin Tohsaka: So the one who cast the magic field over the school was...	
Shirou Emiya: Yeah, it was Shinji.	
Shirou Emiya: First things first, how's the girl doing?	
Rin Tohsaka: She managed to recover.	
Rin Tohsaka: Shirou!	
Shirou Emiya: Come...	
Shirou Emiya: Come!	
Shirou Emiya: S...	
Shirou Emiya: Saber!	
Saber: Shirou.	
Shirou Emiya: Saber, take care of this.	
Saber: Understood, Master.	
Rin Tohsaka: Ashes to ashes, dust to dust.	
Rin Tohsaka: We've reached the field origin!	
Rin Tohsaka: This is horrible...	
Rin Tohsaka: Shinji, you...	
Shinji Matou: I-I didn't, I didn't I didn't I didn't!	
Rin Tohsaka: You didn't? I'm surprised you can still say that!	
Rin Tohsaka: Dissolve the magic field immediately!	
Rin Tohsaka: If you don't...!	
Shinji Matou: It wasn't me...	
Shinji Matou: It wasn't me who killed her!	
Shirou Emiya: It's the Servant from earlier.	
Shinji Matou: I'm saying, it wasn't me.	
Shinji Matou: She got Rider and...	
Rin Tohsaka: And who are you talking about?!	
Shinji Matou: Like I'd know!	
Rin Tohsaka: It's because...	
Rin Tohsaka: It's all because I'm never cautious enough...	
Shirou Emiya: He's still breathing.	
Shirou Emiya: We can still make it!	
Shirou Emiya: Everyone is still alive.	
Shirou Emiya: We can save them!	
Rin Tohsaka: Emiya-kun, what just happened...	
Rin Tohsaka: Well... you were really calm.	
Rin Tohsaka: I was surprised.	
Shirou Emiya: I was operating on instinct, just like you.	
Shirou Emiya: I'm used to seeing dead bodies, so I was able to stay rational.	
Shirou Emiya: That's all it is.	
Rin Tohsaka: You're used to it?	
Archer: What's this?	
Archer: I'm surprised you're here with Saber.	
Rin Tohsaka: You! What are you trying to pull, coming this late?!	
Archer: I sensed something wrong with your situation, so I rushed over...	
Archer: But it looks like it's all resolved.	
Rin Tohsaka: That's right.	
Rin Tohsaka: It's all resolved!	
Rin Tohsaka: I'll tell you exactly what happened, so stay right there!	
Rin Tohsaka: While you were taking your sweet time,	
Rin Tohsaka: do you have any idea how much trouble Shirou and I were in?!	
Kirei Kotomine: Are you abandoning the war, young man?	
Shinji Matou: I don't even have a Servant! There's no way I can still fight!	
Shinji Matou: Making me use that trash of a Servant Rider!	
Kirei Kotomine: So you're saying it's the Servant's fault?	
Shinji Matou: Yeah!	
Shinji Matou: It's not my fault that I lost!	
Shinji Matou: But those bastards look down on me so arrogantly!	
Kirei Kotomine: So you have the determination to continue fighting.	
Kirei Kotomine: You're in luck.	
Kirei Kotomine: There happens to be a Servant without a Master right now...	
Kirei Kotomine: Come.	
Caster: Come.	
Caster: Come.	
Caster: Come.	
Caster: Come.	
Caster: Come.	
Caster: Come.	
Caster: Come.	
Caster: Come.	
Caster: Come.	
Caster: Welcome.	
Caster: I think I'll have Saber defeat that nuisance Berserker.	
Caster: I'll be taking your Command Spells for that.	
Saber: Who are you?	
Assassin: Protector of Ryuudou temple, and Assassin-class Servant.	
Assassin: It seems that you wish to proceed.	
Assassin: Well then, push your way through.	
Shirou Emiya: You...	
Shirou Emiya: Why are you here?!	
Archer: I was just walking by. Don't worry about it.	
Caster: Archer?	
Caster: What is that bastard Assassin doing?!	
Archer: How strange.	
Archer: Two Servants in the same place...	
Archer: Caster.	
Archer: Does this mean that your Master and Assassin's Master have joined forces?	
Caster: Joined forces?	
Caster: Are you talking about that pawn of a man I summoned?	
Archer: I see.	
Archer: So you broke the rules.	
Caster: Oh?	
Caster: I've always been a Magician. What's wrong with summoning a Servant of my own?	
Archer: So you're absorbing the souls of everyone in this city,	
Archer: while staying out of the fight and using Assassin to protect yourself?	
Caster: That's all you've got?	
Archer: Don't just stand there!	
Saber: Shirou-	
Archer: Damn it, why must I do this?!	
Shirou Emiya: Put me down, you fool!	
Archer: Shut up!	
Archer: My own foolishness makes my head hurt when I hear it from you!	
Caster: Well? Try moving, Archer.	
Caster: It looks like victory is decided.	
Caster: Saber seems to be outside, so I don't have any more time to waste on you.	
Archer: Move.	
Caster: What did you say?	
Archer: Fool! I'm telling you to move, Caster!	
Archer: My bone shall twist all in its way!	
Archer: Caladbolg!	
Caster: Why did you miss?	
Archer: I only draw my sword at times of certain victory, when the moment for a deathblow draws close.	
Archer: I don't like to kill meaninglessly.	
Caster: Then I guess that means the two of you are quite similar.	
Archer: What?	
Caster: You don't like to kill when you have nothing to gain.	
Caster: That boy over there can't stand the loss of innocent lives.	
Caster: Doesn't that make you two the same?	
Shirou Emiya: Don't screw with me!	
Shirou Emiya: There's no way I'm like him!	
Archer: I agree.	
Archer: We're fundamentally very different.	
Caster: It'd be a shame to become your enemy.	
Caster: Join forces with me.	
Shirou Emiya: What?	
Caster: I can provide far more than your current partner can.	
Shirou Emiya: Who'd partner with you?!	
Archer: I refuse.	
Archer: Your party isn't strong enough.	
Archer: I have no reason to join forces with you.	
Caster: You're breaking off any negotiations?	
Archer: That's right.	
Archer: However, I came here of my own volition.	
Archer: I have no reason to defeat you.	
Archer: You may go.	
Shirou Emiya: What did you say?!	
Shirou Emiya: Wait!	
Shirou Emiya: Why did you let her go?	
Shirou Emiya: She's behind what's happening in the city!	
Archer: Is there a reason to stop her?	
Shirou Emiya: What?!	
Archer: Caster is absorbing the life force of others.	
Archer: Once she accumulates enough power, she will defeat Berserker.	
Archer: Then we can just...	
Archer: ...defeat Caster after that.	
Shirou Emiya: Don't screw with me!	
Shirou Emiya: I'm different from you!	
Shirou Emiya: I'd never sacrifice those around me for the sake of winning!	
Archer: It's impossible to save everyone!	
Archer: Accept it.	
Archer: If you aren't willing to risk the life of even one person...	
Archer: ...you won't be able to save anyone in the end.	
Archer: If you value your life, abandon those thoughts.	
Archer: I see.	
Archer: It's the end.	
Archer: Since you have nothing to fight for...	
Archer: You will die here, Emiya Shirou.	
Saber: Shirou.	
Shirou Emiya: Sa... ber...	
Saber: Why did you not take the chance to attack me?	
Assassin: It'd be unbecoming of me to do so.	
Assassin: I can't bring myself to pluck a flower in pain.	
Assassin: Go.	
Saber: Apologies. We'll definitely settle this.	
Archer: Are you going to stop me, Samurai?	
Assassin: I'd like to ask you myself.	
Assassin: Are you going to stop me from letting them go?	
Shirou Emiya: Let go of Fuji-nee!	
Shirou Emiya: Fuji-nee!	
Saber: You...	
Caster: Noble Phantasm: Rule Breaker.	
Caster: An unclean and treacherous dagger that nullifies all pacts.	
Rin Tohsaka: You turned Saber into...	
Caster: That's right. She's now my familiar.	
Caster: Begin by killing that girl over there.	
Saber: S-Stop...	
Caster: Kill her.	
Saber: Stop!	
Caster: You're resisting the control of the Command Spells?	
Saber: Run, Shirou.	
Shirou Emiya: Saber...	
Shirou Emiya: Damn it...	
Shirou Emiya: This...	
Shirou Emiya: From back then...	
Caster: You've actually resisted the control of
the Command Spells for an entire night.	
Rin Tohsaka: She actually discovered this place...	
Rin Tohsaka: That girl really is unlucky.	
Rin Tohsaka: I see. So you murdered Kirei?	
Caster: He didn't seem like the kind of person to quietly hand us the Holy Grail.	
Shirou Emiya: He's...	
Shirou Emiya: Kuzuki-sensei.	
Rin Tohsaka: And? Did you check the dead body?	
Caster: What do you mean?	
Rin Tohsaka: Kirei would never let himself die that easily!	
Rin Tohsaka: You really are a useless woman.	
Rin Tohsaka: Rescue Saber for me. I'll deal with that witch.	
Archer: Rin. As a Magician, you're no match for Caster.	
Archer: You know that, right?	
Rin Tohsaka: I'll definitely defeat her.	
Archer: You're quite the idealist.	
Archer: Unfortunately, defeating Caster here is difficult.	
Archer: After all, she is a woman who cut her own brother to pieces in order to escape.	
Rin Tohsaka: Wait, what are you doing?!	
Archer: I hear the sprouting of soldiers from
dragon's teeth is a magick of the King of Colchis.	
Archer: His daughter, Princess Medea, was hailed as an exceptional enchantress.	
Caster: Yes.	
Caster: Then you probably also know which side is stronger.	
Caster: It's only a matter of time until
Saber falls completely under my control.	
Rin Tohsaka: Even if you use a Command Spell,
Saber should be able to withstand it.	
Rin Tohsaka: Even if it's only for a brief period of time,	
Rin Tohsaka: it'll be more than enough to defeat you!	
Archer: It's not possible.	
Archer: I accept the proposal you made the other day.	
Caster: Didn't you refuse the last time? You're a whimsical one.	
Archer: Circumstances have changed.	
Archer: With Saber on your side, you have the winning edge.	
Rin Tohsaka: Archer, you...	
Archer: Now, use the Rule Breaker on me.	
Rin Tohsaka: Shirou!	
Shirou Emiya: Trace on!	
Archer: Wait.	
Archer: I have a condition before I follow your orders.	
Caster: Condition? Isn't it a little late for that?	
Archer: Let the two of them go for now.	
Archer: Neither of them pose any threat as Masters now.	
Archer: There's no point in killing them.	
Caster: Fine.	
Caster: Get out of here like the losers you are!	
Rin Tohsaka: Let's go.	
Rin Tohsaka: I'm just talking to myself.	
Rin Tohsaka: Maybe I got things a little wrong.	
Rin Tohsaka: From the start, I should've defeated Caster at any cost.	
Rin Tohsaka: As for Archer defecting to the other side, the responsibility is not his alone.	
Rin Tohsaka: Maybe I was wrong in my judgement.	
Shirou Emiya: You didn't do anything wrong, Tohsaka.	
Shirou Emiya: You may have messed up, but you didn't do anything wrong.	
Shirou Emiya: So you can be proud of yourself.	
Rin Tohsaka: Shirou.	
Rin Tohsaka: Even so, you're unbelievable.	
Rin Tohsaka: You were able to trace the same swords Archer uses.	
Shirou Emiya: I was pretty surprised, myself.	
Shirou Emiya: I've never been able to trace actual weapons before,	
Shirou Emiya: but his swords were different.	
Shirou Emiya: I skipped the process of considering their structures,	
Shirou Emiya: and their image appeared clearly in my mind.	
Shirou Emiya: It was as if they had been there all along.	
Shirou Emiya: Anyway, let's plan our next move.	
Shirou Emiya: That's right, I've gotta return this to you.	
Shirou Emiya: Isn't this yours, Tohsaka?	
Shirou Emiya: I had no idea until I found an exact copy of this in your room.	
Shirou Emiya: Hey, why don't we ask that Ilya girl for help?	
Rin Tohsaka: A-Are you nuts?!	
Rin Tohsaka: It's impossible to think Berserker's Master would join forces with anyone!	
Shirou Emiya: We won't know unless we talk to her, right?	
Shirou Emiya: The chances aren't zero.	
Rin Tohsaka: Don't be silly.	
Rin Tohsaka: Just how much of an honest man are you?	
Shirou Emiya: Archer would probably think it's absurd
to place hope in something so uncertain.	
Shirou Emiya: But we're different.	
Shirou Emiya: No matter how small the possibility, let's trust in it.	
Illyasviel von Einzbern: B... Berserker...	
Shinji Matou: Why is he here?	
Illyasviel von Einzbern: Berserker!	
Gilgamesh: Chains of Heaven!	
Gilgamesh: Even God cannot escape once bound in these chains!	
Illyasviel von Einzbern: Berserker!	
Gilgamesh: Come, doll.	
Illyasviel von Einzbern: No...	
Illyasviel von Einzbern: No, no, no!	
Shirou Emiya: Stop, you bastard!	
Shinji Matou: Emiya...	
Gilgamesh: So we had a spectator.	
Gilgamesh: I understand that you'd want to gaze at my excellence,	
Gilgamesh: but know your place!	
Shinji Matou: Wait.	
Shinji Matou: Yo. He's my new Servant.	
Shinji Matou: Beg for your life.	
Shinji Matou: I can let you live if you do that.	
Shirou Emiya: I refuse!	
Rin Tohsaka: Servant over there!	
Rin Tohsaka: Do so much as twitch a finger, and your Master dies!	
Shirou Emiya: Tohsaka!	
Gilgamesh: So you've deduced that you can't stop me even if you kill my Master, little girl?	
Shinji Matou: Hey, what are you doing?!	
Gilgamesh: Circumstances have changed.	
Gilgamesh: That girl over there would make a good vessel.	
Shinji Matou: Yo, I'm so glad, Tohsaka.	
Shinji Matou: You're still alive.	
Shinji Matou: You do know that Caster is amassing power, right?	
Shinji Matou: Ryuudou temple will be the altar this time.	
Shinji Matou: We're slightly disadvantaged since
our opponents control the place, though...	
Shinji Matou: Well? Why don't you ditch Emiya,	
Shinji Matou: and join forces with us?	
Rin Tohsaka: I refuse.	
Rin Tohsaka: I have no reason to partner with someone who's only being used!	
Rin Tohsaka: Don't you get it?	
Rin Tohsaka: You're the only one who thinks a talentless Magician like you could become a Master!	
Shinji Matou: You-	
Gilgamesh: We're running out of time.	
Gilgamesh: This will rot if we leave it any longer.	
Shinji Matou: Hey.	
Shinji Matou: Damn it, you'll regret this!	
Rin Tohsaka: Why?	
Rin Tohsaka: I'm sure you knew that you'd be killed if you walked out in front of him.	
Rin Tohsaka: Yet why did you jump out?	
Shirou Emiya: I don't have a reason.	
Shirou Emiya: I just wanted to save her.	
Rin Tohsaka: I've always thought there was something wrong with you, but now I know for sure.	
Rin Tohsaka: Shirou, your way of life is horribly distorted.	
Rin Tohsaka: It's wrong to value the lives of others more than your own.	
Rin Tohsaka: Humans must place themselves above all else.	
Rin Tohsaka: Actually, one's self isn't even something that a scale can weigh...	
Rin Tohsaka: In fact, you are the scale itself!	
Rin Tohsaka: But you'll still try to save others,
even if it means destroying that scale?!	
Shirou Emiya: Tohsaka...	
Rin Tohsaka: If you were just a living being devoid of self, then it wouldn't matter.	
Rin Tohsaka: But you have yourself, Shirou!	
Rin Tohsaka: You clearly have a sense of self, yet you still depreciate yourself...	
Rin Tohsaka: You'll definitely break down one day if you stay this way!	
Shirou Emiya: Break down?	
Shirou Emiya: In fact, it's to avoid that that I...	
Rin Tohsaka: No, you're already terribly broken.	
Rin Tohsaka: I don't know what happened to you, but tell me.	
Rin Tohsaka: I'm sure that's the reason why you've become so strange.	
Rin Tohsaka: Just like that time at school.	
Rin Tohsaka: You were so calm despite seeing all those bodies.
You even said you were used to seeing them!	
Rin Tohsaka: You've seen something like that before, haven't you?	
Shirou Emiya: I'm used to it.	
Shirou Emiya: Yes, it's true that I've seen that before.	
Shirou Emiya: But... no, that's not right.	
Shirou Emiya: I was saved from the inferno ten years ago.	
Shirou Emiya: But there's no way you can capitalize on that, Tohsaka.	
Shirou Emiya: No, Tohsaka. I was simply saved.	
Rin Tohsaka: You were saved?	
Shirou Emiya: I'd accepted my death then.	
Shirou Emiya: I thought I was dead for sure.	
Shirou Emiya: Under such conditions, even if my body was saved...	
Shirou Emiya: There's no way my mind could be revived.	
Shirou Emiya: At the time, empty as I was,	
Shirou Emiya: maybe I was simply admiring something noble.	
Shirou Emiya: Because I was the only one who was saved...	
Shirou Emiya: I thought that I had to save everyone
on behalf of those who weren't saved.	
Rin Tohsaka: You should be taking care of yourself since you were saved!	
Rin Tohsaka: You just happened to be saved.	
Rin Tohsaka: That's why you should embrace your good fortune!	
Rin Tohsaka: Since something so painful happened to you, it's even more reason for you to be happy!	
Shirou Emiya: Thank you, Tohsaka.	
Shirou Emiya: Maybe I got something wrong.	
Shirou Emiya: But it doesn't matter...	
Shirou Emiya: ...because the thought of wanting to help others definitely isn't wrong.	
Rin Tohsaka: The anomalous eighth Servant.	
Rin Tohsaka: He can't be an existing Servant, no matter how you look at it.	
Rin Tohsaka: Why he made a pact with Shinji is also a mystery.	
Shirou Emiya: We should deal with Caster first.	
Shirou Emiya: She is amassing power even as we speak.	
Rin Tohsaka: You're right.	
Lancer: There's no way the two of you can accomplish that.	
Rin Tohsaka: Lancer!	
Lancer: Wait. I have no intention of fighting.	
Shirou Emiya: What?	
Lancer: I'm going to help you guys for a while.	
Rin Tohsaka: Help us?	
Rin Tohsaka: Is that your idea? Or is it...	
Lancer: My Master's orders.	
Lancer: He said he'd like your help due to Caster's growing strength.	
Lancer: Well, something like an alliance that lasts until we defeat them.	
Rin Tohsaka: I agree.	
Rin Tohsaka: Well, Emiya-kun?	
Shirou Emiya: Do you really think I'd trust you straight off?!	
Lancer: I do.	
Lancer: That's because your partner is a wonderful woman.	
Lancer: And even that wonderful woman has agreed to help.	
Lancer: You're also a curious and good-natured guy, aren't you?	
Rin Tohsaka: I'll take this opportunity to say this,	
Rin Tohsaka: but the pendant you returned to me is unique.	
Rin Tohsaka: Archer was the one who returned the pendant you found in my room.	
Rin Tohsaka: I'd thought that he'd picked it back up for me, but...	
Archer: I knew you'd come for sure.	
Lancer: Yo.	
Lancer: I'll be your opponent.	
Archer: It's only been a few days and you've already made a pact with a new Servant?	
Lancer: Go.	
Lancer: It's hard to believe.	
Lancer: Are you really an Archer-class Servant?	
Lancer: Your skills are impressive.	
Lancer: However...	
Lancer: Your swords themselves clearly lack pride!	
Archer: Unfortunately, I have no pride either.	
Archer: I am the bone of my sword.	
Lancer: Gáe Bolg!	
Archer: Rho Aias!	
Archer: I'm surprised.	
Archer: I had no idea a spear capable of piercing the Aias existed.	
Lancer: Who the hell are you?	
Archer: I'm just an Archer.	
Lancer: Ridiculous!	
Lancer: As if an Archer would possess a shield capable of blocking Noble Phantasms!	
Archer: That aside, have you noticed?	
Archer: It seems like that Caster woman is fighting a tough battle of her own.	
Lancer: So that's what you intended in the first place?	
Archer: Trace on.	
Caster: Soichiro... sama...	
Souichirou Kuzuki: Caster.	
Rin Tohsaka: Archer?	
Rin Tohsaka: I thought that it might be you, but...	
Rin Tohsaka: That's why?	
Shirou Emiya: Saber!	
Shirou Emiya: Saber.	
Saber: Shirou...	
Archer: So I missed.	
Rin Tohsaka: What are you doing?!	
Archer: I act only to fulfill my aim.	
Rin Tohsaka: You still intend to kill Shirou?!	
Saber: Stop, Archer.	
Archer: In your current state, you'll disappear if you push yourself.	
Saber: I swore to protect him and to be his sword.	
Archer: I see.	
Archer: Then you will die here!	
Shirou Emiya: Trace on!	
Archer: Using magic beyond your ability will destroy your body.	
Archer: It's a miracle that you've lived this long.	
Archer: You will pay the price for that here.	
Archer: You've reached your limit!	
Rin Tohsaka: I hereby propose!	
Rin Tohsaka: Thou shalt come under my command,	
Rin Tohsaka: and thy sword shalt control my fate.	
Rin Tohsaka: Abiding by the summons of the Holy Grail,	
Rin Tohsaka: if thou accedest to this will and reason, answer me.	
Rin Tohsaka: I hereby swear.	
Rin Tohsaka: I am all that is good in the eternal world.	
Rin Tohsaka: I am the disposer of evil in the eternal world.	
Rin Tohsaka: Thee, the seven days clad in the Divine Trinity,	
Rin Tohsaka: come forth from the circle of constraint.	
Rin Tohsaka: Guardian of the Heavens!	
Rin Tohsaka: Accedest to me, and my fate shalt become thy sword!	
Saber: I accept this pact under the name of Saber.	
Saber: I recognize you as my Master, Rin!	
Saber: Do you really think you can defeat me now?	
Saber: You must be low on mana after using all those Phantasms.	
Saber: You can't do anything now that you have no Master!	
Archer: Archer-class Servants can survive without a Master for two days.	
Archer: It's more than enough to kill that brat!	
Saber: Why? Why do you wish for such an ending?	
Saber: What you desire is wrong!	
Saber: Even if you do that, you...	
Archer: And you? How much longer will you follow those mistaken desires?	
Archer: I am the bone of my sword.	
Saber: Stop!	
Archer: Unknown to death, nor known to life.	
Archer: Unlimited Blade Works!	
Rin Tohsaka: A reality marble...	
Rin Tohsaka: Turning one's imagined terra into reality...	
Rin Tohsaka: A great forbidden curse that eats away at the real world...	
Archer: This world is all that I have.	
Archer: As long as it's a weapon, one glance is all I need to replicate and store it here.	
Archer: That is my power as a Heroic Spirit.	
Saber: Are you saying this is your world?	
Archer: You can go ahead and test that.	
Archer: I'll be sure to replicate your holy blade.	
Saber: Are you saying you know what blade this is?!	
Archer: I cannot fully replicate a blade as formidable as that,	
Archer: but I can replicate it almost perfectly.	
Saber: Shirou, don't!	
Shirou Emiya: Don't screw with me, you bastard!	
Rin Tohsaka: Wait, what are you doing?!	
Rin Tohsaka: Let me go, you idiot!	
Saber: Where are you going?	
Archer: Where no one will bother me.	
Saber: What are you going to do to Rin?	
Archer: I'm taking her hostage.	
Archer: That brat over there will definitely come after me.	
Archer: Furthermore, Rin is also your Master.	
Archer: No matter how much you wish to protect that brat,
your Master's life is more important.	
Shirou Emiya: The forest at the city outskirts.	
Shirou Emiya: The Einzbern castle!	
Shirou Emiya: Nobody will bother you there...	
Saber: Shirou.	
Shirou Emiya: I'll hear your complaints there!	
Shirou Emiya: In exchange for that, don't you dare lay a hand on Tohsaka!	
Shirou Emiya: Even if I have to use Saber's strength,	
Shirou Emiya: I'll kill you!	
Lancer: Have you done what you came to do, little boy?	
Saber: You...	
Shirou Emiya: Wait, he helped us out.	
Lancer: Hey. Where's the girl?	
Shirou Emiya: Archer took her with him.	
Lancer: What?	
Rin Tohsaka: Archer!	
Rin Tohsaka: You'll kill Shirou no matter what?	
Archer: Yes. A man as naïve as him should die as soon as possible.	
Rin Tohsaka: I know he's naïve.	
Rin Tohsaka: But I think his naïveté is lovable.	
Rin Tohsaka: Just by thinking that he has to be this way...	
Rin Tohsaka: Just by thinking that someone like him can exist...	
Rin Tohsaka: I feel like I can be saved.	
Shinji Matou: Yo, Tohsaka.	
Rin Tohsaka: Shinji!	
Shinji Matou: What is it, Archer?	
Shinji Matou: Does the sight of my Gilgamesh make you tremble?	
Archer: You came for Rin?	
Shinji Matou: Of course.	
Shinji Matou: Why would I come to this stinking castle otherwise?	
Archer: In that case, wait until I've dealt with Emiya Shirou.	
Archer: I'll give her to you once I'm done.	
Archer: If you refuse...	
Gilgamesh: How interesting, clown.	
Shinji Matou: Well, it's fine.	
Shinji Matou: Archer'll disappear on his own if we leave him, anyway.	
Gilgamesh: What a faker.	
Archer: You're late.	
Shirou Emiya: What have you done to Tohsaka?!	
Archer: You were so late that I gave her to Shinji, who was here first.	
Lancer: Calm down.	
Lancer: My Master's order was to keep her alive to begin with.	
Shirou Emiya: We both have exactly the same pendant.	
Shirou Emiya: However, only one was supposed to exist.	
Archer: That's right.	
Archer: It's something that you, who was saved,
would carry with you for the rest of your life.	
Archer: It has no duplicate in this world,	
Archer: and is a memento of Tohsaka Rin's father.	
Shirou Emiya: I see.	
Shirou Emiya: Your real name is...	
Shirou Emiya: Heroic Spirit Emiya.	
Shirou Emiya: That is your real name.	
Saber: Are you not the Heroic embodiment of Shirou's ideals?	
Saber: Then why are you trying to kill yourself?	
Archer: It's true that I became the Heroic Spirit of his ideals.	
Archer: I've saved many people, and I've even averted so-called world crises.	
Archer: However...	
Archer: All I got in the end was regret.	
Archer: Only death remained, you see.	
Saber: Only... death?	
Archer: For the sake of saving as many people as I could,	
Archer: I killed, and killed, and kept killing.	
Archer: I've killed many, many people just to follow through with my ideals,	
Archer: and saved several thousand times more people than I had killed.	
Archer: I've forgotten how many times this has repeated itself, Saber.	
Archer: I had no means of freeing myself from this endless cycle.	
Archer: However, there is one exception.	
Shirou Emiya: You're regretting this?	
Archer: Of course. I...	
Archer: No, you never should've become a Heroic Spirit.	
Shirou Emiya: In that case, we're different individuals!	
Shirou Emiya: Regret is the one thing I won't do!	
Shirou Emiya: That's why I won't acknowledge you!	
Shirou Emiya: I'll crush those mistaken ideals with my own hands!	
Archer: It looks like you understand...	
Archer: ...that we will fight each other by crossing blades!	
Archer: I am the bone of my sword.	
Shirou Emiya: Trace on!	
Rin Tohsaka: Shinji!	
Rin Tohsaka: Lancer!	
Lancer: Don't move.	
Kirei Kotomine: That's enough, Lancer.	
Lancer: What?	
Rin Tohsaka: Kirei!	
Rin Tohsaka: So you're still alive!	
Lancer: And I thought it was my Master's principle to never publicly show himself.	
Kirei Kotomine: You, too, have disobeyed my order.	
Kirei Kotomine: I believe I ordered you to deal with Archer.	
Lancer: That guy'll disappear if we left him anyway.	
Lancer: More importantly, is that kid over there your secret pet?	
Kirei Kotomine: That's a terrible way to put it.	
Kirei Kotomine: He and I are cooperating.	
Kirei Kotomine: We are partners who have come together in order to obtain the Holy Grail.	
Rin Tohsaka: You phony priest!	
Lancer: What will you do with this girl?	
Lancer: So you were lying when you said you wanted to save your pupil?	
Kirei Kotomine: Why would it be a lie?	
Kirei Kotomine: She's a precious pawn.	
Kirei Kotomine: It'd be no fun to have her retire so easily.	
Kirei Kotomine: That's why I sent you to protect her.	
Kirei Kotomine: I believe I've done more than my part as her mentor.	
Kirei Kotomine: Kill her.	
Lancer: You'd have to use a Command Spell to make me do that.	
Kirei Kotomine: Then I order you.	
Kirei Kotomine: Commit suicide, Lancer.	
Rin Tohsaka: Lancer!	
Lancer: Kotomine, you bas... tard...	
Kirei Kotomine: Rin.	
Kirei Kotomine: You can die, too.	
Kirei Kotomine: Y-You...	
Lancer: If that's all it takes to kill me...	
Lancer: ...I wouldn't have become a Hero in the first place!	
Shinji Matou: Yes, you fools! Go ahead and kill each other off!	
Shinji Matou: What do you mean, the Grail belongs to you?!	
Shinji Matou: The Grail already...	
Shinji Matou: ...belongs to me!	
Shinji Matou: I can share it with you depending on your attitude!	
Rin Tohsaka: Stop!	
Shinji Matou: Show me some affection, Tohsaka!	
Lancer: Bastard, she's not a woman you can touch!	
Shinji Matou: You're still alive?!	
Lancer: Disappear!	
Rin Tohsaka: Lancer!	
Rin Tohsaka: We must close the wound...	
Lancer: A heart pierced by the Gáe Bolg cannot be healed.	
Lancer: Go.	
Rin Tohsaka: Farewell, Lancer.	
Rin Tohsaka: It's only been a short while...	
Rin Tohsaka: But I like people like you.	
Lancer: You little girl.	
Lancer: Come back after you've grown up a little.	
Archer: Did you really think that your blade creation was on the same level as mine?!	
Archer: Your ability to conceptualize the basic framework is still weak!	
Shirou Emiya: Shut up!	
Archer: You just saw it, didn't you?	
Archer: The truth that awaits you in the future.	
Archer: A fake, bound by worthless ideals his whole life.	
Archer: Have you realized that's what you really are?	
Shirou Emiya: Bastard!	
Archer: Are you sure you want to become a Hero?!	
Shirou Emiya: I don't want to become one!	
Shirou Emiya: I will become one!	
Archer: I thought so!	
Archer: Since that is the sole emotion you have!	
Shirou Emiya: What did you say?!	
Archer: You're simply in awe!	
Archer: It's only because the man who saved you looked so happy...	
Archer: ...that you wanted to become like him!	
Archer: You simply borrowed your ideals!	
Shirou Emiya: You're wrong!	
Archer: I was driven by the singular belief that I had to live for others!	
Archer: Not realizing that it was flawed, I kept running forward!	
Archer: The wish of wanting everyone to be happy is merely a fairy tale!	
Archer: If you can't live on without that dream,	
Archer: then drown to death carrying it!	
Shirou Emiya: My body...	
Shirou Emiya: My body is made of swords!	
Archer: You're... still...	
Shirou Emiya: I won't lose to you.	
Shirou Emiya: I don't mind losing to anyone else.	
Shirou Emiya: But...	
Shirou Emiya: I can't lose to myself !	
Archer: You...	
Shirou Emiya: I'm not...!	
Archer: You know it won't come true,
yet you foolishly continue to struggle...	
Shirou Emiya: I'm not wrong!	
Archer: That's exactly the mistake I made!	
Shirou Emiya: There's no way it's a mistake!	
Shirou Emiya: It's my win, Archer.	
Archer: Yeah.	
Archer: And... it's my loss.	
Shirou Emiya: No matter what awaits me in the future, I won't regret it!	
Shirou Emiya: I'll overcome it!	
Archer: Indeed.	
Archer: It'd be a lie if you didn't.	
Gilgamesh: That was entertaining.	
Gilgamesh: What a pathetic battle between two fakes...	
Gilgamesh: Do you understand now?	
Gilgamesh: That's what the real thing feels like.	
Gilgamesh: Fakes should just quickly become the trash they are!	
Shirou Emiya: Archer!	
Archer: Defeat him.	
Archer: You can win.	
Rin Tohsaka: You bastard! What did you do to my Archer?!	
Saber: Stand back.	
Gilgamesh: All this ash is dirtying my clothes.	
Gilgamesh: You'll all live to die another day, scum.	
Saber: You're running away?	
Gilgamesh: I must hurry and complete the Holy Grail.	
Gilgamesh: If this thing spills out, there's no telling what it'll do now that it's lost its vessel.	
Rin Tohsaka: He intends to complete the Holy Grail at the Ryuudou temple.	
Saber: So we'll press the attack.	
Rin Tohsaka: You will stop Gilgamesh at the temple gate,	
Rin Tohsaka: while Shirou and I go in from the back.	
Shirou Emiya: Wait.	
Shirou Emiya: It's disadvantageous for Saber to fight him.	
Saber: Why?	
Shirou Emiya: His strength is that of war itself.	
Shirou Emiya: It'll take someone with the same kind of power to face him.	
Saber: Then who...	
Rin Tohsaka: The same kind of power...	
Shirou Emiya: His opponent will be...	
Rin Tohsaka: You, right?	
Rin Tohsaka: The only thing that can counter his power is the reality marble Archer uses.	
Saber: But that requires a substantial amount of mana.	
Rin Tohsaka: It's a Magician's principle to supplement
from elsewhere what he himself cannot provide.	
Rin Tohsaka: So...	
Rin Tohsaka: Um...	
Rin Tohsaka: I have no other choice.	
Gilgamesh: I think I'll use you.	
Gilgamesh: Didn't you want the Holy Grail?	
Gilgamesh: It's the precious Holy Grail.	
Gilgamesh: Don't you let go of it ever again.	
Shirou Emiya: Are you sure it's possible to transplant your magic seals, Tohsaka?	
Rin Tohsaka: There's no other way.	
Rin Tohsaka: If we succeed, I can provide enough mana for you to use the reality marble.	
Rin Tohsaka: Focus.	
Rin Tohsaka: Let's begin.	
Rin Tohsaka: Wings abreast. Summon. Control the seals.	
Rin Tohsaka: Number 1, number 16, stop.	
Rin Tohsaka: Mark this covenant.	
Rin Tohsaka: One, two, three...	
Rin Tohsaka: Four, five, six...	
Rin Tohsaka: Countless.	
Rin Tohsaka: Small, large...	
Rin Tohsaka: Large, small.	
Rin Tohsaka: Wings abreast. Spring forth.	
Shirou Emiya: Did it work?	
Rin Tohsaka: It all depends on how well you do now.	
Shirou Emiya: Yeah.	
Shirou Emiya: Thanks, Tohsaka.	
Shirou Emiya: Tohsaka?	
Rin Tohsaka: You saw my memories... didn't you?	
Shirou Emiya: Uh...	
Rin Tohsaka: You monster!	
Assassin: I've been waiting, Saber.	
Saber: Assassin.	
Saber: Caster, the one who summoned you, is gone.	
Saber: It's not possible for you to remain in this world!	
Assassin: She may be a Magician,	
Assassin: but it's impossible for an incorporeal Servant to maintain another Servant.	
Assassin: That woman summoned me, and chose this place as my vessel.	
Assassin: In other words, I will exist for as long as the temple gate still stands.	
Assassin: I won't last until the morning.	
Assassin: You could say I'm lucky to have held out this long.	
Saber: You did this so you could fight me?	
Assassin: I was meant to dissipate like flowers from the start.	
Assassin: Since I was able to meet you at the very end...	
Assassin: ...there will be no greater stage than this.	
Shirou Emiya: W-What's that?	
Shirou Emiya: That's... the Holy Grail?!	
Rin Tohsaka: It hasn't assumed its original form yet,	
Rin Tohsaka: but it's just about to burst.	
Gilgamesh: I never thought I'd see that ugly face again.	
Rin Tohsaka: Gilgamesh!	
Rin Tohsaka: No way...	
Rin Tohsaka: Then who is Saber fighting?!	
Gilgamesh: That cocoon will hatch.	
Gilgamesh: But it'll be lonely to witness that alone.	
Gilgamesh: If you will simply watch quietly from the side like scarecrows,	
Gilgamesh: then know that your life had meaning.	
Shirou Emiya: Is that so?	
Shirou Emiya: Sorry, but we'll...	
Rin Tohsaka: ...stop this Grail of yours right now!	
Gilgamesh: Little girl...	
Gilgamesh: Who gave you permission?!	
Shirou Emiya: Trace on!	
Gilgamesh: How dare you...	
Gilgamesh: Come on, now! You don't have any time to rest!	
Shirou Emiya: Guided by experience...	
Shirou Emiya: Production complete!	
Shirou Emiya: Complete Trace... standby!	
Gilgamesh: Oh?	
Gilgamesh: So you replicated all of my Noble Phantasms you could see?	
Gilgamesh: Then I'll have to at least...	
Shirou Emiya: Removing stops!	
Gilgamesh: ...see how well you did!	
Shirou Emiya: Complete Trace... continuous fire!	
Assassin: Secret skill...	
Assassin: Return of the Swallows!	
Assassin: Go.	
Assassin: I thought she was a beautiful little bird,	
Assassin: but she was as ferocious as a lion.	
Gilgamesh: If that's all you've got, Archer should've been the one who survived.	
Gilgamesh: He's also a fake, but at least his ideology wasn't half-baked.	
Gilgamesh: Didn't he tell you that your ideals are borrowed?	
Shirou Emiya: Yeah. He did.	
Shirou Emiya: He did say, "only fakes await you at the end of your dreams".	
Shirou Emiya: But did he not follow his dreams all the way to the end?	
Shirou Emiya: It's exactly because his ideals did not concern himself
that he cried for and admired something so precious!	
Shirou Emiya: What's wrong with that?	
Shirou Emiya: Even if it's a borrowed ideal, as long as you see it to the very end...	
Shirou Emiya: Then it's...!	
Gilgamesh: That should've been a fatal wound,
but you're surprisingly tenacious, boy.	
Gilgamesh: You can die now!	
Saber: Stand back, Shirou!	
Saber: Leave the rest to me.	
Shirou Emiya: No, I can deal with him myself, Saber.	
Saber: Shirou!	

Sakura Matou: Senpai?	
Sakura Matou: Senpai, are you awake?	
Shirou Emiya: Good morning, Sakura.	
Sakura Matou: Right, same to you, Senpai.	
Shirou Emiya: Sorry, Sakura... I should be helping
with the morning chores.	
Sakura Matou: Don't worry about that, Senpai.	
Sakura Matou: You were up late again last night, weren't you?	
Shirou Emiya: Dummy, that's no excuse.	
Sakura Matou: Senpai, let me handle the morning chores.	
Sakura Matou: If you leave the storehouse this messy,
Fujimura-sensei will scold you.	
Shirou Emiya: Good point...	
Shirou Emiya: I guess I'll have you do that, then.	
Sakura Matou: Sure. I'll be waiting for you, Senpai.	
Shirou Emiya: Falling asleep before I finish proves
I'm lacking in concentration.	
EXTRA: #01 Winter Days, A Fateful Night	
Sakura Matou: Perfect.	
Shirou Emiya: I feel terrible, making you do all this, Sakura.	
Sakura Matou: It's no trouble at all.	
Sakura Matou: I do it because I enjoy it.	
Shirou Emiya: Morning, Fuji-nee.	
Taiga Fujimura: Yep, morning!	
Shirou Emiya: Let's eat!	
Sakura Matou: Let's eat.	
Sakura Matou: Senpai?	
Shirou Emiya: Th-This is Worcestershire sauce!	
Shirou Emiya: Worcestershire sauce on grated yams...
And it's oyster flavor, no less!	
Taiga Fujimura: Ha! I swapped the labels on the Worcestershire
sauce and soy sauce bottles earlier!	
Taiga Fujimura: Yay!	
Shirou Emiya: Who pulls a stunt like that,
first thing in the morning?	
Shirou Emiya: You'll be twenty-five this year.	
Shirou Emiya: But you'll always be the same Fuji-nee.	
Taiga Fujimura: You deserved it!	
Taiga Fujimura: It's payback for yesterday!	
Sakura Matou: Senpai, have some tea!	
Shirou Emiya: You seemed awfully quiet.	
Shirou Emiya: So it was because you'd been
plotting this since yesterday.	
Taiga Fujimura: Damn straight.	
Taiga Fujimura: And because of that, now I have to
get going in a hurry to grade some tests.	
Taiga Fujimura: So I've gotta run, or I'll never finish in time!	
Taiga Fujimura: Thanks for breakfast!	
Taiga Fujimura: See you at school!	
Taiga Fujimura: Make sure you aren't late.	
Taiga Fujimura: And don't go back to sleep, okay?	
Taiga Fujimura: Well, I'm out of here!	
Taiga Fujimura: Breakfast was as delicious as ever, Sakura-chan!	
Sakura Matou: It was nothing, Fujimura-sensei.	
Shirou Emiya: Damn that Fuji-nee.	
Shirou Emiya: Even if she's the landlord's daughter,
why must she eat here every day?	
Shirou Emiya: She's no better than a freeloader.	
Sakura Matou: Did you do something to her yesterday?	
Shirou Emiya: I accidentally called her by her nickname.	
Sakura Matou: Then it was really your own fault.	
Sakura Matou: You can't do that.	
Sakura Matou: Your using that nickname is
the one thing she hates.	
EXTRA: Suspect Had No License,
Minivan Had Malfunctioning Brakes	
EXTRA: Gas Leak in New Fuyuki Business District	
EXTRA: In our next story,	
EXTRA: workers in a building in New Fuyuki's
business district passed out	
EXTRA: and were taken to the hospital late last night.	
EXTRA: According to a police spokesman,	
EXTRA: Gas Leak in New Fuyuki Business District	
EXTRA: since victims seemed to be suffering from hypoxia,	
EXTRA: they believe it may have been the result of a gas leak.	
EXTRA: However, given a similar incident
that occurred last month,	
Shirou Emiya: Hear that? Another gas leak in New Fuyuki.	
EXTRA: investigating police are exercising extreme
caution due to the possibility of a link.	
Shirou Emiya: That's messed up.	
Shirou Emiya: We need to be careful, too.	
Sakura Matou: Don't worry.	
Sakura Matou: I always double-check the gas valve, so we'll be safe.	
Shirou Emiya: No, not about that...	
Shirou Emiya: Well, work hard at club practice.	
Sakura Matou: About that, Senpai...	
Sakura Matou: Maybe you could stop by the dojo?	
Shirou Emiya: I have to go to the student
council office this morning.	
Sakura Matou: O-Oh, of course.	
Sakura Matou: I'm sorry. Forget I asked.	
Sakura Matou: Well, I should get going.	
Sakura Matou: Look forward to dinner tonight, okay?	
Issei Ryuudou: The school's budgeting priorities
are completely out of whack.	
Shirou Emiya: Yeah, athletic clubs get the lion's share
of the budget, and the rest get crumbs.	
Issei Ryuudou: Yes.	
Issei Ryuudou: As a result, the non-athletic club
rooms are in poor repair.	
Issei Ryuudou: They've given zero thought to
resolving our heater issues.	
Shirou Emiya: There are more broken heaters?	
Issei Ryuudou: There are.	
Shirou Emiya: Like I thought, this one's just showing its age.	
Issei Ryuudou: Can you fix it, Emiya?	
Shirou Emiya: I can.	
Issei Ryuudou: Really?	
Shirou Emiya: Issei, I'll have it fixed in a jiffy,
so could you wait outside?	
Issei Ryuudou: Of course. I'll get out of your way.	
Shirou Emiya: Okay, then...	
Shirou Emiya: Two spots where the heating
element is about to break...	
Shirou Emiya: The heat transfer pipes are still good.	
Shirou Emiya: For now, I can patch the power
cord with electrical tape.	
Issei Ryuudou: Tohsaka...	
Shirou Emiya: Tohsaka?	
Rin Tohsaka: Well, if it isn't the student council president.	
Rin Tohsaka: Patrolling the campus so early in the morning?	
Rin Tohsaka: Or are you making maintenance
rounds of the club rooms?	
Rin Tohsaka: Not that I care either way.
Still, you're the diligent student as always.	
Issei Ryuudou: And what do you have up your sleeve?	
Issei Ryuudou: Why are you here so early,
when you aren't in any clubs?	
Rin Tohsaka: I just felt like it.	
Shirou Emiya: I fixed it, Issei.	
Issei Ryuudou: Oh, sorry.	
Issei Ryuudou: I asked you for help, but you
did it all, Emiya. My bad.	
Shirou Emiya: Where's the next one?	
Shirou Emiya: I don't have a lot of time.	
Issei Ryuudou: The next one's in the A/V room.	
Issei Ryuudou: They say it's been acting up lately, but it's
finally exhausted its lifespan.	
Shirou Emiya: If it's dead, I can't fix that.
Buying a new one would be faster.	
Issei Ryuudou: That's true, but I'd appreciate it if you
could take a look at it anyway.	
Issei Ryuudou: It looked dead to me, but you may be able
to see if it's just faking or really dead.	
Shirou Emiya: Okay, I'll try...	
Shirou Emiya: You're here early, Tohsaka.	
Shirou Emiya: The art club's heater will have to wait until lunch.	
Issei Ryuudou: Sure.	
Shinji Matou: You're quite the busy bee this morning, Emiya.	
Shinji Matou: I was wondering what you'd been
up to after you quit the club.	
Shinji Matou: You're the student council president's errand boy?	
Shirou Emiya: If you need something, you can tell me, Shinji.	
Shirou Emiya: If it's something I can help with, I will.	
Shirou Emiya: You never were very good at
restringing and mending bows.	
Shinji Matou: I don't want your help.	
Shinji Matou: And anyway, you aren't a member
anymore, so stay out of the dojo!	
Issei Ryuudou: What a jerk,	
Issei Ryuudou: talking to you like that, when he's the
one who drove you out of the club.	
Shirou Emiya: It's okay. That's just how he is.	
Shirou Emiya: When you've known him a long
time, you get used to it.	
Issei Ryuudou: Do you, now?	
Shirou Emiya: You do.	
Shirou Emiya: Oops, Fujimura-sensei is
about to come barreling in.	
Taiga Fujimura: Yes! I made it!	
Taiga Fujimura: Good morning, class!	
Taiga Fujimura: I'll call the roll now!	
Issei Ryuudou: Emiya, you'd better wolf that down,
or you won't finish before lunch ends.	
Shirou Emiya: It's okay, I'm almost done.	
Issei Ryuudou: You could've stopped with the heaters. You didn't
have to agree to fix personal items, too.	
Shirou Emiya: Don't worry about it.	
Shirou Emiya: As they say, "In for a penny, in for a pound."	
Issei Ryuudou: There's such a thing as being too considerate.	
Issei Ryuudou: Being helpful is all well and good, but
maybe you should be a little more selective.	
Issei Ryuudou: You take "turn no one away" to extremes.	
Shirou Emiya: Do I look that unprincipled to you?	
Issei Ryuudou: You're opening yourself up to being taken
advantage of by the unscrupulous.	
Issei Ryuudou: Surely you could turn people down, once in a while.	
Shirou Emiya: What're you talking about?
Helping others is a good deed.	
Shirou Emiya: The heir to a temple shouldn't make a fuss over that.	
Issei Ryuudou: I'm just saying that you take it too far, Emiya.	
Issei Ryuudou: Keep going like this, and it'll burn you out.	
Shirou Emiya: Duly noted.	
Shirou Emiya: Okay, all done!	
Illyasviel von Einzbern: If you don't summon yours soon,
you're gonna die, Onii-chan.	
Taiga Fujimura: At times like this, you should
really come home early!	
Taiga Fujimura: I said in homeroom that it hasn't been
safe in town lately, remember?	
Shirou Emiya: Um... Something came up.	
Taiga Fujimura: Do you get that from Kiritsugu-san?	
Taiga Fujimura: I worry about you because you're
always trying to help people...	
Sakura Matou: Excuse me, Fujimura-sensei?	
Sakura Matou: Has Senpai always been this way?	
Taiga Fujimura: Yeah, for as long as I've known him.	
Taiga Fujimura: Shirou just doesn't have it in him
to ignore people in need.	
Taiga Fujimura: "Comfort the afflicted, and afflict
the comfortable," you know?	
Taiga Fujimura: As a kid, he wrote in an essay, "My dream is to
become a hero of justice when I grow up."	
Sakura Matou: Wow, you were an amazing child!	
Shirou Emiya: Chalk it up to Fuji-nee.	
Shirou Emiya: When kids see immature adults,
they have funny ideas put in their heads.	
Shirou Emiya: If you don't like it, cook your
own damn meal for once.	
Taiga Fujimura: Wha?	
Taiga Fujimura: You're reducing your "big sis" to tears!	
Taiga Fujimura: Sakura-chan, refill!	
Shirou Emiya: Trace on.	
Shirou Emiya: Tracing fundamental structure.	
Shirou Emiya: Tracing component materials.	
Shirou Emiya: Altering fundamental structure.	
Shirou Emiya: Strengthening component materials.	
Shirou Emiya: Damn, I failed again.	
Shirou Emiya: I can't believe that I still can't do something so basic.	
Shirou Emiya: I'm gonna be a novice forever.	
Shirou Emiya: I just don't know...	
Shirou Emiya: How do I become a hero of justice?	
Shirou Emiya: Sakura... Wait a second.	
Sakura Matou: Yes?	
Shirou Emiya: What happened to your wrist?	
Shirou Emiya: Shinji again?	
Shirou Emiya: What's he thinking, raising a hand to his little sister?	
Sakura Matou: N-No, that's not it, Senpai!	
Sakura Matou: I, um, bumped it when I tripped and fell.	
Shirou Emiya: You can't get a bruise like that from tripping.	
Shirou Emiya: I knew it.	
Sakura Matou: Honest, my brother had nothing to do with this.	
Sakura Matou: I got hurt by myself, that's all!	
Shirou Emiya: If that's what you say happened, I'll leave it at that.	
Sakura Matou: It is. I'm sorry, Senpai.	
Shirou Emiya: Why are you apologizing, Sakura?
Shinji's the one who's to blame.	
Taiga Fujimura: Do I smell your famous rolled omelets, Shirou?	
Issei Ryuudou: What's up, Emiya?	
Issei Ryuudou: Let's eat.	
Shirou Emiya: Sorry, Issei... I'm going to eat in the cafeteria today.	
Issei Ryuudou: You don't usually eat there. Did something happen?	
Shirou Emiya: Not really.	
Souichirou Kuzuki: Excuse me. Is Ryuudou here?	
Issei Ryuudou: Yes, I'm here. What is it, Kuzuki-sensei?	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: Going for the Chef's Choice for lunch today, huh?	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: You aren't eating with the student
council president today?	
Shirou Emiya: I guess not.	
Shirou Emiya: Say, Mitsuzuri...	
Shirou Emiya: Has Sakura seemed okay to you lately?	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: Sakura?	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: Yeah, she's practicing her heart out.	
Shirou Emiya: Oh.	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: It's her brother that's the problem.	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: He's been tearing into the first-year boys.	
Shirou Emiya: What for?	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: From what I hear, he got shot
down pretty hard by Tohsaka.	
Shirou Emiya: By Tohsaka?	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: Keep your voice down!	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: Anyway, ever since yesterday,
Shinji's been in a foul mood.	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: I've had to keep a close eye on Shinji
during practice, so I'm exhausted.	
Shirou Emiya: Yeah, Shinji does have a nasty temper...	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: I hear he plans to do something
to Tohsaka, to get even.	
Shirou Emiya: No, I doubt even Shinji would try to get
anywhere near someone who'd rejected him.	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: But if she comes to where he is,
he can't avoid her.	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: I don't know why, but recently, Tohsaka's been
coming to watch at the dojo a lot.	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: You probably don't know, since you quit and all!	
Shinji Matou: That was hilarious earlier!	
Shinji Matou: He practically peed his pants!	
Shirou Emiya: When Shinji gets mad, he doesn't know when to stop.	
Kaede Makidera: Hey, you!	
Kaede Makidera: Matou Shinji, I hate to break it to you,	
Kaede Makidera: but no matter how long you wait,
Tohsaka Rin isn't coming!	
Kane Himuro: Maki, this guy doesn't match Mitsuzuri's description.	
Kane Himuro: He doesn't have wavy hair, either.	
Kaede Makidera: The way I see it, he just wet his
naturally curly hair down today.	
Kaede Makidera: A face this stupid-looking could
only belong to Matou Shinji!	
Shirou Emiya: No, I'm not Shinji.	
Kaede Makidera: See what I mean? That's what the bad guys all say.	
Kane Himuro: Wait.	
Kane Himuro: Sorry, but would you mind
showing us your student ID?	
Shirou Emiya: S-Sure.	
EXTRA: NAME Emiya Shirou
CLASS 2 C	
Kane Himuro: Maki-chan, we have the wrong man.	
Kaede Makidera: Emiya? That Emiya?	
Kaede Makidera: That guy who fixes our gear whenever
he has a spare moment?	
Kaede Makidera: The one they call "Homurahara's Brownie"?	
Shirou Emiya: I don't know that nickname, but I do know
the track club president when I see her.	
Yukika Saegusa: We're sorry. You seemed to be looking
for someone, so we just assumed...	
Shirou Emiya: That's okay. What was that
about Tohsaka not coming?	
Yukika Saegusa: Has something happened?	
Yukika Saegusa: She stayed home today.	
Kaede Makidera: Yeah! Tohsaka says she has a cold,
so she's staying home, good sir.	
Kaede Makidera: Hard to believe a model student like her
is capable of catching a cold, though.	
Kane Himuro: We're sorry if our exotic beast here
caused you any trouble, Emiya.	
Kane Himuro: But you shouldn't be here, either.	
Kane Himuro: Weren't you told that students with no club
meetings should go straight home?	
Shirou Emiya: Did something happen?	
Kane Himuro: You don't know?	
Kane Himuro: There was a murder incident at
the intersection near the school.	
Kane Himuro: Of the family of four, the only survivor was a child.	
Kane Himuro: They say the parents and older
sister were stabbed to death.	
Kane Himuro: The killer is still at large,	
Kane Himuro: and everyone's freaking out about the
way it seems like a random killing.	
Kane Himuro: In New Fuyuki, it's those gas leaks.	
Kane Himuro: Over here, we've got grisly murders.	
Kane Himuro: It's no wonder they're sending students home early.	
Shirou Emiya: I do know...	
Shirou Emiya: Helping others and being a hero
of justice aren't the same thing.	
Kiritsugu Emiya: Ah, I see.	
Kiritsugu Emiya: Thank you.	
Kiritsugu Emiya: Hello.	
Kiritsugu Emiya: You must be Shirou-kun.	
Kiritsugu Emiya: I'll come right out and ask you which you'd prefer...	
Kiritsugu Emiya: Being sent to an orphanage or being
taken in by a man you've just met?	
Kiritsugu Emiya: I'm glad.	
Kiritsugu Emiya: Then let's get you dressed right away.	
Kiritsugu Emiya: You should get acclimated to your
new home as soon as possible.	
Kiritsugu Emiya: Oh, I forgot to mention something important.	
Kiritsugu Emiya: There's something extremely important
that I have to tell you. Ready?	
Kiritsugu Emiya: Yeah.	
Kiritsugu Emiya: I should get this out of the way.	
Kiritsugu Emiya: I am a magic-user...	
Shirou Emiya: I have some time before I need to get to work.	
Kiritsugu Emiya: He's alive... He's alive...	
Kiritsugu Emiya: He's alive!	
Kiritsugu Emiya: Thank you... Thank you!	
Kiritsugu Emiya: I'm so glad I found you...	
Kiritsugu Emiya: By saving even one person,	
Kiritsugu Emiya: I'm saved myself.	
Shirou Emiya: All I remember of that day, ten years ago,
is that it was hot, and I couldn't breathe.	
Shirou Emiya: And people were trying to save others,
all of them dying in the process.	
Shirou Emiya: I hate that.	
Shirou Emiya: It makes me mad when people who try so hard die.	
Shirou Emiya: Is it greedy of me to wish for an outcome	
Shirou Emiya: in which everyone is saved and happy,
and can share a laugh about it afterward?	
Kiritsugu Emiya: It isn't that simple.	
Kiritsugu Emiya: Because what you're describing is the
act of trying to save everyone, Shirou.	
Shirou Emiya: My younger self wasn't convinced
by Kiritsugu's answer.	
Shirou Emiya: I mean, Kiritsugu saved my life, right?	
Shirou Emiya: I knew he was a magic-user, who could do anything.	
Shirou Emiya: So I asked Kiritsugu if, back then,	
Shirou Emiya: he could have saved everyone.	
Shirou Emiya: But Kiritsugu... He...	
Kiritsugu Emiya: Shirou,	
Kiritsugu Emiya: saving one person means being
unable to save another.	
Kiritsugu Emiya: You see, one can only save those	
Kiritsugu Emiya: who belong to one's own side.	
Kiritsugu Emiya: It should be obvious, but that is the very
definition of a "hero of justice."	
Shirou Emiya: I understand that now.	
Shirou Emiya: When you put it like that, it's obvious.	
Shirou Emiya: But still...	
Shirou Emiya: But still, I hate it.	
Shirou Emiya: I'm not interested in a salvation that's inherently
limited to a set number of people.	
Shirou Emiya: I can't bear the thought of strangers dying
around me, as they did that day!	
Shirou Emiya: That was Tohsaka...	
Shirou Emiya: Wasn't it?	
Shirou Emiya: Where's Sakura?	
Taiga Fujimura: She went home early tonight.	
Shirou Emiya: Why did you send her home alone?	
Shirou Emiya: You were the one who warned us that
going out alone wasn't safe, remember?	
Taiga Fujimura: It's fine, it's fine. I sent one of my guys with her.	
Shirou Emiya: You should've been the one to go.	
Shirou Emiya: You're our teacher, after all.	
Taiga Fujimura: If I'd done that, I wouldn't get
to eat dinner until after 10...	
Taiga Fujimura: Anyway, it's your own fault for coming
home so late because of work!	
Taiga Fujimura: On your work days, my stomach
always has to patiently wait.	
Shirou Emiya: Hey, don't you have the option of
eating dinner at your own house?	
Taiga Fujimura: I've told you, this is my own house.	
Shirou Emiya: Sheesh...	
Shirou Emiya: What's this?	
EXTRA: Luck, Come In! Customer Appreciation Sale	
Taiga Fujimura: Oh, someone gave that to me,
but I don't want it, so you can have it!	
Shirou Emiya: I don't want it, either!	
Taiga Fujimura: If you think you can hit me with skills
like yours, you're sadly mistaken.	
Taiga Fujimura: If you don't like it, I suggest you practice more.	
Taiga Fujimura: But more importantly, Shirou, I'm famished!	
Taiga Fujimura: I've been waiting for ages,
so hurry up and make dinner!	
Shirou Emiya: Yeah, yeah.	
Sakura Matou: Senpai, after tonight, I won't be able
to help with dinner for a while.	
Sakura Matou: Do you mind?	
Shirou Emiya: Don't worry about it. It's the weekend, anyway.	
Shirou Emiya: You should be hanging out with your friends.	
Sakura Matou: No, it's not like that!	
Sakura Matou: It's a personal thing, but I'll still
be going to club practices!	
Sakura Matou: S-So if anything comes up, please come
to the dojo, and I'll do what I can.	
Sakura Matou: It's not like I'm goofing off,
just because it's the weekend!	
Sakura Matou: So, I'd appreciate it...	
Sakura Matou: if you didn't get the wrong idea.	
Shirou Emiya: Understood.	
Shirou Emiya: If something comes up, I'll go to the dojo.	
Sakura Matou: Okay, that would be great.	
Sakura Matou: Senpai! Your hand!	
Shirou Emiya: Where'd this come from? Did I cut myself
while I was tinkering with my old junk?	
Shirou Emiya: Well, it doesn't hurt or anything,
so it should fade soon.	
Shirou Emiya: I'm fine. It's nothing to worry about.	
Sakura Matou: Okay, if you say so...	
Shirou Emiya: Maybe I'm just tired.	
Issei Ryuudou: Thanks to you, Emiya, it looks like we'll have
all the equipment fixed before exams begin.	
Issei Ryuudou: I have to thank you again.	
Shirou Emiya: No problem. See you later.	
Shinji Matou: No, it was nothing! You think that was amazing?	
Shirou Emiya: Shinji...	
Shinji Matou: Still at school, Emiya?	
Shirou Emiya: I need to talk to you. Come with me for a minute.	
Shinji Matou: A minute? Sorry.	
Shinji Matou: As you can see, I'm busy.	
Shinji Matou: Whatever your little problem is, it can wait.	
Shinji Matou: Isn't that right, girls?	
Shirou Emiya: Hang on, Shinji.	
Shirou Emiya: This is about the bruise on Sakura's wrist.	
Shinji Matou: What's this about Sakura?	
Shirou Emiya: Don't dodge the question. You hurt her again!	
Shinji Matou: Like I know anything about her!	
Shirou Emiya: Even though you're siblings?	
Shinji Matou: Look, Emiya...	
Shinji Matou: If it's about something between siblings,
isn't that all the more reason for you to butt out?	
Shirou Emiya: You really don't know how she got it?	
Shinji Matou: Nope!	
Shinji Matou: Or is Sakura saying that I beat her?	
Shirou Emiya: No.	
Shinji Matou: There you go, then.	
Shinji Matou: It's not nice to make reckless accusations, Emiya.	
Shirou Emiya: I suppose so. I'm sorry I suspected you.	
Shinji Matou: If you feel bad, then do me a favor.	
Shinji Matou: See, the dojo's kind of a mess right now...	
Shinji Matou: If you have all this free time, maybe you
could do something about it, Emiya-kun?	
EXTRA: Didn't Fujimura-sensei tell you to do that, Senpai?	
EXTRA: She did! If you don't do it, she'll...	
Shinji Matou: It's fine.	
Shinji Matou: Anyway, if I start cleaning now, the shop
will be closed by the time I finish.	
Shinji Matou: I know I can count on you!	
EXTRA: Wait, Senpai!	
EXTRA: Thank you so much!	
Shirou Emiya: Man, this place never changes.	
Shirou Emiya: Done!	
Shirou Emiya: Who are they?	
Lancer: Who's there?	
Lancer: Hey.	
Lancer: Today just wasn't your lucky day, kid.	
Lancer: Now that you've seen me, you have to die.	
Lancer: Dead men tell no tales, and all that.	
Lancer: With your dying breath, curse that you
were born with no luck or power.	
Lancer: You make me do some nasty jobs.	
Lancer: It's a sick joke for a hero to act like this.	
Lancer: I understand. I'm not complaining.	
Lancer: The girl's Servant saw me.	
Lancer: I'll be a good boy and return.	
Lancer: Jeez, my Master is a real piece of work.	
Rin Tohsaka: If his heart was hit, there's no way to save him.	
Rin Tohsaka: Don't do this to me...	
Rin Tohsaka: Why are you here?	
Rin Tohsaka: Why did you have to pick this hour,
on this day, to be here?	
Rin Tohsaka: There's still a way.	
Shirou Emiya: What happened?	
Shirou Emiya: That man in blue and that man in red...	
Shirou Emiya: Who were those two?	
Shirou Emiya: They weren't ordinary humans.	
Shirou Emiya: So I really was nearly killed.	
Shirou Emiya: No,	
Shirou Emiya: I wasn't nearly killed.	
Shirou Emiya: I was killed.	
Shirou Emiya: But here I am, alive.	
Shirou Emiya: Someone who came along afterward saved me.	
Shirou Emiya: Who was it?	
Shirou Emiya: I wish I could at least thank them.	
Lancer: I was trying to be considerate,
figuring it'd hurt more if you saw it coming.	
Lancer: Stuck with killing the same
person twice in one day...	
Lancer: I guess the human world is a
bloody place, whatever the era.	
Shirou Emiya: Trace on.	
Lancer: Find your way to the other side this time, kid.	
Shirou Emiya: Strengthening component materials.	
Lancer: That's an odd style.	
Lancer: It's faint, but I sense mana.	
Lancer: So that's why you're still alive
after your heart was skewered.	
Lancer: This might be fun, after all.	
Lancer: I gave you a chance, but you went and wasted it.	
Lancer: If you're a man, show some dignity.	
Lancer: Checkmate.	
Lancer: That last move was pretty surprising, kid.	
Lancer: I don't get it, though...	
Lancer: You think fast on your feet,
but you're hopeless at magecraft.	
Lancer: You do seem to have a knack for it...	
Lancer: Maybe you were meant to be the seventh.	
Lancer: Well, even if you were, this is the end for you.	
Shirou Emiya: Screw this...	
Shirou Emiya: My life was saved.	
Shirou Emiya: My life was saved, so I won't die that easily.	
Shirou Emiya: I need to live, to fulfill my duties.	
Shirou Emiya: And I can't do that if I'm dead.	
Shirou Emiya: I'm not gonna be killed in a place like this,	
Shirou Emiya: for no good reason, by a guy like you,	
Shirou Emiya: who kills people like it's nothing!	
Lancer: The seventh Servant?	
Saber: I ask...	
Saber: Are you my Master?	
Shirou Emiya: "Master"?	
Saber: Your Servant, Saber, has come
in response to your summons.	
Saber: Master, your orders?	
Saber: Henceforth, my sword will be at your side.	
Saber: Henceforth, your fate is my fate.	
Saber: The pact is now sealed.	
Shirou Emiya: What do you mean by "pact"?	
Lancer: Coward! What's the meaning of
this, concealing your weapon?	
Saber: What's the matter, Lancer?	
Saber: If you stand there, you'll give
spearmen a bad name.	
Saber: If you will not come to me, I shall come to you.	
Lancer: Before you do, let me ask you one thing.	
Lancer: Your Noble Phantasm... Is it a sword?	
Saber: Who can say?	
Saber: It may be a battle axe. Or perhaps a polearm.	
Saber: Or it might even be a bow, Lancer.	
Lancer: Very funny, swordswoman!	
Shirou Emiya: That stance...	
Lancer: One more question.	
Lancer: Since this is our first meeting, would you
be interested in calling it a draw?	
Saber: I think not.	
Saber: You will fall here, Lancer.	
Lancer: Is that so?	
Lancer: My objective was simply to observe...	
Lancer: I'll have your heart!	
Lancer: Gae...	
Lancer: Bolg!	
Lancer: So, you dodged my lethal strike, Saber.	
Saber: A curse?	
Saber: No, a strike that reverses cause and effect?	
Saber: Gae Bolg...	
Saber: You are Ireland's Child of Light!	
Lancer: I messed up...	
Lancer: It needs to be fatal if I use that move, or I'm in trouble.	
Lancer: My lord is a coward, you see.	
Lancer: You dodged my spear, so he's ordering me home.	
Saber: You would run?	
Lancer: You're more than welcome to follow.	
Lancer: But if you do, be prepared to die!	
Saber: Wait, Lancer!	
Shirou Emiya: I-Is she an idiot?	
Shirou Emiya: Hey, are you okay?	
Shirou Emiya: What the hell are you?	
Saber: As you can see, I am your Saber-class Servant.	
Saber: As such, please call me "Saber."	
Shirou Emiya: I'm Shirou...	
Shirou Emiya: Emiya Shirou.	
Saber: Emiya...	
Shirou Emiya: This house...	
Shirou Emiya: No, that's not right. That isn't
what I want to ask you.	
Saber: I know.	
Saber: You are not a proper Master, are you?	
Saber: And yet, regardless, you are my Master.	
Shirou Emiya: W-Wait, isn't it weird, calling me
"Master" all of a sudden?	
Saber: Then I shall call you "Shirou."	
Saber: Yes, the sound of that is pleasing to me.	
Shirou Emiya: Wh-What are these?	
Saber: Those are what are called Command Seals.	
Saber: Do try to avoid careless use.	
Saber: Shirou, my wounds, please...	
Shirou Emiya: You're asking me?	
Shirou Emiya: Sorry, but complicated magic
like that's beyond me.	
Saber: Then, I shall face them as I am.	
Saber: There are two enemies outside.	
Saber: One more battle should not pose a problem.	
Shirou Emiya: What do you mean by "enemies outside"?	
Shirou Emiya: Stop, Saber!	
Saber: Are you mad, Shirou?	
Saber: I could have defeated them handily,
but you ordered me to stop!	
Shirou Emiya: Just hold on, Saber.	
Shirou Emiya: I have no idea what's going on.	
Shirou Emiya: If I'm your Master, at least fill me in.	
Saber: You would demand this with the enemy before us?	
Rin Tohsaka: Hmm?	
Rin Tohsaka: So that's how it is, Mr. Novice Master?	
Rin Tohsaka: At any rate, good evening,	
Rin Tohsaka: Emiya-kun.	
Shirou Emiya: I have no reason to fight.	
Rin Tohsaka: He is, without question, a fake priest.	
Saber: Shirou is my Master.	
Rin Tohsaka: Berserker?	
Kirei Kotomine: Whether or not you decide to
participate in the Holy Grail War,	
Kirei Kotomine: let us decide it here, Emiya Shirou.	
EXTRA: Next Time
The Curtain Rises	

Rin Tohsaka: Come home soon, Father.	
Rin Tohsaka: Oh, shut up! Stop ringing!	
Rin Tohsaka: Come on, already...	
Rin Tohsaka: I was up until late last night,
so just a few more minutes.	
Rin Tohsaka: Jeez, you're heartless!	
Rin Tohsaka: Oh, right. That pendant...	
Rin Tohsaka: It hasn't begun yet, but I can't
be too careful, can I?	
EXTRA: #00 Prologue	
Rin Tohsaka: What's going on?	
Rin Tohsaka: I don't see a single student...	
Rin Tohsaka: It's too quiet.	
Rin Tohsaka: Well, I guess it's just one of those days.	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: Hey, Tohsaka!	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: You're early today.	
Rin Tohsaka: Ah, so that's it...	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: Morning.	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: Sure is cold today, huh?	
Rin Tohsaka: Good morning, Mitsuzuri-san.	
Rin Tohsaka: By the way, do you know what time it is?	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: The time? It's just before seven, of course.	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: Tohsaka, are you half-asleep?	
Rin Tohsaka: Looks like the clocks at home were an hour fast.	
Rin Tohsaka: Not only my alarm clock, but the wall
clocks, too. By exactly one hour.	
Rin Tohsaka: It happened right after I found the pendant...	
Rin Tohsaka: Could Father have caused it?	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: Tohsaka?	
Rin Tohsaka: Holding morning practice again, Mitsuzuri-san?	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: Yeah, I lost one of our best people.	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: I have to try to put on a good show
so new students will join our club.	
Rin Tohsaka: When you're team captain,
it's always something, huh?	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: Hey, since you're here, why not watch our practice?	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: You really don't want to watch?	
Rin Tohsaka: I don't know anything about archery.	
Rin Tohsaka: So watching from a distance will be good enough.	
Sakura Matou: Good morning, Captain.	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: Ah, good morning, Matou.	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: Is it just you this morning?	
Sakura Matou: Yes...	
Sakura Matou: I'm sorry that I wasn't able to help.	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: It's fine, don't worry.	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: If someone isn't into it, there's no point
in forcing them to participate.	
Rin Tohsaka: I'll be going, then.	
Rin Tohsaka: See you later, Mitsuzuri-san.	
Ayako Mitsuzuri: Sure. Later, Tohsaka.	
Sakura Matou: Thank you for visiting, Tohsaka-senpai.	
Rin Tohsaka: Thanks.	
Rin Tohsaka: Work hard, Sakura.	
Shinji Matou: Hey, Tohsaka!	
Shinji Matou: Good morning.	
Shinji Matou: I must be lucky, running into
you first thing in the morning.	
Rin Tohsaka: Good morning, Matou Shinji-kun.	
Rin Tohsaka: You're here early this morning.	
Shinji Matou: Of course!	
Shinji Matou: I'm team captain, after all.	
Rin Tohsaka: Assistant manager, more like...	
Rin Tohsaka: See you.	
Shinji Matou: Hey, wait up.	
Shinji Matou: You should sit in on our morning practice.	
Rin Tohsaka: I'll pass.	
Rin Tohsaka: I don't want to get in the way of practice.	
Shinji Matou: No one will mind.	
Rin Tohsaka: My point is that I don't want to be a bother.	
Rin Tohsaka: Besides, I'm not all that interested in archery.	
Shinji Matou: Really?	
Shinji Matou: I thought you were.	
Shinji Matou: Guess I had the wrong idea.	
Shinji Matou: I thought you kept coming to watch after-school
practices because you were interested.	
Shinji Matou: Oh? You were there to watch
something else, huh?	
Rin Tohsaka: Stay away from me, will you?	
Rin Tohsaka: Let me be clear, Matou-kun.	
Rin Tohsaka: Not only am I not interested in archery,
I'm not interested in you.	
Rin Tohsaka: The fact is that I only just now noticed
you were on the archery range,	
Rin Tohsaka: and I'm certain I won't notice you in the future.	
Shinji Matou: Say what?	
Shinji Matou: How dare you, Tohsaka?!	
Rin Tohsaka: You're welcome to be self-conscious,
but you should tone it down.	
Taiga Fujimura: Hey, if it isn't Tohsaka-san! Morning!	
Rin Tohsaka: Good morning, Fujimura-sensei.	
Issei Ryuudou: Tohsaka...	
Rin Tohsaka: Well, if it isn't the student council president.	
Rin Tohsaka: Patrolling the campus so early in the morning?	
Rin Tohsaka: Or are you making maintenance
rounds of the club rooms?	
Rin Tohsaka: Not that I care either way.
Still, you're the diligent student as always.	
Issei Ryuudou: And what do you have up your sleeve?	
Issei Ryuudou: Why are you here so early,
when you aren't in any clubs?	
Rin Tohsaka: I just felt like it.	
Shirou Emiya: I fixed it, Issei.	
Issei Ryuudou: Oh, sorry.	
Issei Ryuudou: I asked you for help, but you
did it all, Emiya. My bad.	
Shirou Emiya: Where's the next one?	
Shirou Emiya: I don't have a lot of time.	
Issei Ryuudou: The next one's in the A/V room.	
Issei Ryuudou: They say it's been acting up lately, but it's
finally exhausted its lifespan.	
Shirou Emiya: If it's dead, I can't fix that.
Buying a new one would be faster.	
Issei Ryuudou: That's true, but I'd appreciate it if you
could take a look at it anyway.	
Issei Ryuudou: It looked dead to me, but you may be able
to see if it's just faking or really dead.	
Shirou Emiya: Okay, I'll try...	
Shirou Emiya: You're here early, Tohsaka.	
Rin Tohsaka: Was that his way of saying hello?	
Yukika Saegusa: E-Excuse me, Tohsaka-san?	
Yukika Saegusa: If you don't mind, would you
like to eat lunch together?	
Rin Tohsaka: Thank you, Saegusa-san.	
Rin Tohsaka: I'm sorry, but I'm going to the cafeteria today.	
Rin Tohsaka: I overslept this morning.	
Yukika Saegusa: Oh, you did?	
Yukika Saegusa: I didn't know. I'm sorry for stopping you.	
Rin Tohsaka: Don't let this discourage you.
Feel free to ask me again.	
Yukika Saegusa: I will.	
Yukika Saegusa: Wow, I had no idea that you were
capable of oversleeping.	
Rin Tohsaka: Actually, I oversleep all the time.	
Rin Tohsaka: I'm not in any clubs because
I can't get out of bed.	
Rin Tohsaka: Well, enjoy your lunch, Saegusa-san.	
Yukika Saegusa: I will. You, too, Tohsaka-san.	
Kaede Makidera: Looks like you got shot down, Yukicchi.	
Kaede Makidera: Didn't I tell you?	
Kaede Makidera: Tohsaka never brings a boxed lunch.	
Kane Himuro: Maki, all we need to do is eat
lunch in the cafeteria, right?	
Kaede Makidera: No way!	
Kaede Makidera: Try sitting with Tohsaka sometime!	
Kaede Makidera: It's so annoying, the way
you can feel guys staring!	
Kaede Makidera: When she and I went out last weekend,
she reaped all the benefits!	
Kane Himuro: Makinoji, it looks like Tohsaka can hear
you talking about her behind her back.	
Kaede Makidera: She's glaring daggers at me!	
Yukika Saegusa: I don't think she's glaring at you.	
Kaede Makidera: No, that's a hateful glare!	
Kaede Makidera: When she's smiling, she's at her scariest.	
Kaede Makidera: It was only a little smack talk! Let it slide!	
Kaede Makidera: I treated you to a taiyaki, didn't I?	
Rin Tohsaka: I had such high hopes in Father's will...	
Rin Tohsaka: Last night, after solving an annoying puzzle
he left, I found a box of his effects.	
Rin Tohsaka: When I finally got it open,	
Rin Tohsaka: all it contained was what looked like a
smashed-up catalyst and this pendant.	
Rin Tohsaka: Plus, all the clocks in the house went crazy...	
Rin Tohsaka: That's amazing in its own right,	
Rin Tohsaka: but it won't help me summon Saber,
the most powerful Servant.	
Rin Tohsaka: According to that dubious priest's information,
only two more Masters are left.	
Rin Tohsaka: I guess I don't have time to mope and worry.	
EXTRA: You have one message, recorded on
January 31, 3:21 PM.	
Kirei Kotomine: It's me.	
Kirei Kotomine: As I'm sure you are aware,
tomorrow is the deadline, Rin.	
Kirei Kotomine: I insist that you start taking this seriously.	
Kirei Kotomine: Only two slots remain,	
Kirei Kotomine: the Archer and the Saber classes.	
Kirei Kotomine: The ranks of the Masters must
be filled without delay.	
Kirei Kotomine: Summon your Servant, and establish
your Command Seals immediately.	
Kirei Kotomine: Of course, if you are not participating in the
Holy Grail War, that is a different matter.	
Kirei Kotomine: If you value your life, seek shelter
with the Church—	
Rin Tohsaka: I know what I have to do.
You don't have to tell me.	
Rin Tohsaka: Preparations, ready.	
Rin Tohsaka: Time, good.	
Rin Tohsaka: Wavelength, ideal.	
Rin Tohsaka: By performing the summoning at 2 AM,
when my mana's at its peak,	
Rin Tohsaka: I'll get Saber, even without a catalyst!	
Rin Tohsaka: For the elements, silver and iron.	
Rin Tohsaka: For the foundation, stone and
the Archduke of Contracts.	
Rin Tohsaka: For the ancestor, my great master, Schweinorg.	
Rin Tohsaka: Close the gates of the cardinal directions.	
Rin Tohsaka: Come forth from the Crown, and follow
the forked road leading to the Kingdom.	
Rin Tohsaka: Fill, fill, fill, fill, fill.	
Rin Tohsaka: Repeat five times.	
Rin Tohsaka: But when each is filled, destroy it.	
Rin Tohsaka: Set.	
Rin Tohsaka: Heed my words.	
Rin Tohsaka: My will creates your body, and your
sword creates my destiny.	
Rin Tohsaka: If you heed the Grail's call and obey my
will and reason, then answer me.	
Rin Tohsaka: I hereby swear...	
Rin Tohsaka: That I shall be all the good in the world.	
Rin Tohsaka: That I shall defeat all evil in the world.	
Rin Tohsaka: You seven heavens, clad in the
three great words of power,	
Rin Tohsaka: come forth from the circle of binding...	
Rin Tohsaka: Guardian of the Scales!	
Rin Tohsaka: That was flawless!	
Rin Tohsaka: I know I drew the most powerful card!	
Rin Tohsaka: Why?!	
Rin Tohsaka: The door's broken...	
Rin Tohsaka: Damn it!	
Rin Tohsaka: Wait, all the clocks in the house
were an hour fast today...	
Rin Tohsaka: Which means it's now 1 AM.	
Rin Tohsaka: Not 2 AM?	
Rin Tohsaka: I did it again!	
Rin Tohsaka: What's done is done.	
Rin Tohsaka: Why did you give me that task, Father?	
Rin Tohsaka: Well? What are you supposed to be?	
Archer: That's the first thing you say to me?	
Archer: Seems I've been drawn by quite
the unusual little Master.	
Archer: Good grief.	
Archer: Or was it I who drew the short straw?	
Rin Tohsaka: Just to make sure...	
Rin Tohsaka: You're my Servant, right?	
Archer: And are you my Master?	
Archer: When I was summoned, you weren't present.	
Rin Tohsaka: You aren't a baby bird.	
Rin Tohsaka: Don't joke and make it sound like you imprint on
your Master when you first open your eyes.	
Rin Tohsaka: All right, fine.	
Rin Tohsaka: I'm simply asking if you really are
my Servant, and no one else's.	
Rin Tohsaka: Master-Servant relationships should be
clearly laid out, right off the bat.	
Archer: Yes.	
Archer: I am in complete agreement with that opinion.	
Archer: But where is the evidence that you are my Master?	
Rin Tohsaka: Here. This is all the proof you need
that I am your Master, right?	
Archer: Oh, dear.	
Archer: Do you really mean that?	
Archer: It wasn't that meaningless token I wanted to see.	
Archer: I wanted to see if you are someone
worthy of my loyalty.	
Rin Tohsaka: Excuse me?	
Rin Tohsaka: I'm not good enough to be your Master?	
Archer: I am utterly dissatisfied, but I do
acknowledge you as my Master.	
Archer: But on one condition.	
Archer: In the war to come, I will
disregard anything you say.	
Archer: I will decide all battle policy.	
Archer: I trust you have no objections.	
Rin Tohsaka: I see...	
Rin Tohsaka: You grudgingly acknowledge me, but you
won't listen to my opinions?	
Rin Tohsaka: Why is that?	
Rin Tohsaka: You are my Servant, aren't you?	
Archer: Yes, but in form alone.	
Archer: So I will obey you in form alone.	
Archer: But when fighting, I will call my own shots.	
Archer: Until this Holy Grail War ends, I suggest
you sit tight in the cellar or something.	
Archer: That should keep even one as
inexperienced as you alive.	
Archer: Oh, have I made you angry?	
Archer: Of course, I have nothing but
respect for your office.	
Archer: After all, I was summoned to
win victory for my Master.	
Archer: My victory is your victory, and I will
yield any spoils of battle to you.	
Archer: Surely that will be agreeable?	
Archer: Anyway, leave everything to me,
and see to your own wellbeing.	
Archer: I don't expect	
Archer: anything from you.	
Rin Tohsaka: Now I'm mad!	
Rin Tohsaka: Fine! If that's how you're going
to be, I'll use one on you!	
Rin Tohsaka: Anfang!	
Archer: You wouldn't...	
Rin Tohsaka: I would!	
Rin Tohsaka: You lousy ingrate!	
Rin Tohsaka: Vertrag... Ein neuer Nagel...	
Rin Tohsaka: Ein neues Gesetz... Ein neues Gesetz...	
Archer: Wait, are you crazy, Master?	
Archer: Who would use a Command
Seal on something so...	
Rin Tohsaka: Ein neues Verbrechen!	
Rin Tohsaka: Shut up!	
Rin Tohsaka: You're my Servant, got it?	
Rin Tohsaka: That means absolute obedience
to everything I say!	
Archer: Are you that impulsive, girl?	
Archer: You would use a Command Seal
with so broad an order?	
Rin Tohsaka: L-Let's take this elsewhere.	
Rin Tohsaka: Come with me.	
Archer: I believe I have a fair understanding
of your disposition now, Master.	
Archer: Just to be sure, you do realize how precious
the Command Seals are, don't you?	
Rin Tohsaka: What's with his superior tone?	
Rin Tohsaka: "Absolute obedience," my butt...	
Rin Tohsaka: They symbolize our power to compel
our Servants three times.	
Rin Tohsaka: What about it?	
Archer: Listen...	
Archer: Command Seals compel a Servant
to perform an action.	
Archer: For example, I am incapable of
teleporting far from here.	
Archer: However, if you were to use a
Command Seal and say, "Go,"	
Archer: it would use mana from both of us, to accomplish it.	
Archer: The three Command Seals are	
Archer: the crystallization of high magic and can
overcome the limits of flesh and blood.	
Archer: Well, I suppose the number has
now been reduced to two.	
Rin Tohsaka: I know all that.	
Rin Tohsaka: So what? I still have two.	
Rin Tohsaka: The rule I ordered you to obey wasn't a waste.	
Archer: I admit that I miscalculated.	
Archer: When the order is vaguely worded,
Command Seals are less effective.	
Archer: Which is exactly what happened
with your earlier order.	
Archer: Even a hundred Command Seals could not compel	
Archer: true, absolute obedience in every word and deed.	
Rin Tohsaka: Then you're saying the Command
Seal I used earlier was pointless?	
Archer: Normally, that would be the case.	
Archer: But it would seem your skill
as a mage is extraordinary.	
Rin Tohsaka: Extraordinary?	
Archer: Yes, that is what I meant by "miscalculated."	
Archer: Your words now carry a powerful
compulsion for me.	
Archer: How annoying.	
Rin Tohsaka: What are you getting at?	
Archer: I take back what I said, Master.	
Archer: You may be young in years, but you
are an outstanding mage.	
Archer: I was mistaken in looking down on you as a
child and trying to keep you from fighting.	
Archer: I apologize for both that and my poor manners.	
Rin Tohsaka: Then you acknowledge me as your Master,
even without my using a Command Seal?	
Archer: Of course.	
Archer: I'd just been summoned, so I
wasn't yet fully acclimated.	
Archer: But now, we are completely connected.	
Archer: As a mage, you should be able to sense the
bond between us through our pact.	
Rin Tohsaka: Our pact...	
Rin Tohsaka: Oh, right.	
Rin Tohsaka: Servants are summoned by the Holy Grail,
but what anchors them to this world is...	
Archer: Yes.	
Archer: A Master's power.	
Archer: A Servant is anchored to this world by
the mana supplied by his Master.	
Archer: My mana from you is more than satisfactory.	
Archer: You are a first-rate mage, no doubt about it.	
Rin Tohsaka: It's too late to score any points with flattery.	
Rin Tohsaka: Wait...	
Rin Tohsaka: You aren't Saber?	
Archer: I hate to disappoint, but I have no sword.	
Rin Tohsaka: Which makes you Archer.	
Rin Tohsaka: Boy, I blew it...	
Rin Tohsaka: I used all those gems, and I
still didn't get the Saber.	
Archer: Well, pardon me for not being the Saber.	
Rin Tohsaka: It was a regrettable mistake, but I'm to blame.	
Archer: I'll make you rue those words.	
Archer: And when the day comes, apologize all
you want. I won't forgive you.	
Rin Tohsaka: See to it that I regret my words, Archer.	
Rin Tohsaka: When you do, I'll make you let me apologize.	
Archer: Very well. Don't forget that, Master.	
Rin Tohsaka: Oh, that's right.	
Rin Tohsaka: I forgot to ask you.	
Rin Tohsaka: Which Heroic Spirit are you?	
Rin Tohsaka: Archer?	
Archer: I cannot give you any answers
regarding my identity.	
Archer: For the simple reason that I do not know.	
Rin Tohsaka: What's that supposed to mean?
Are you messing with me?	
Archer: I don't mean to insult you, Master,	
Archer: but it's the result of your imperfect summoning.	
Archer: My memories are a jumble.	
Archer: My name and origin are hazy, as well.	
Archer: Admittedly, those aren't important details,	
Archer: so it's nothing to be concerned about.	
Rin Tohsaka: I'm very concerned about it!	
Rin Tohsaka: If I don't know what Heroic Spirit you are,
I don't know how powerful you are!	
Archer: That is a trivial matter.	
Rin Tohsaka: You call that "trivial"?	
Rin Tohsaka: If I don't know how powerful my partner is,
I can't formulate a strategy, can I?	
Archer: What are you saying?	
Archer: I am a Servant who was summoned by you.	
Archer: I could not be anything but the most powerful.	
Rin Tohsaka: Oh, well.	
Rin Tohsaka: It won't change the fact that no one
else knows his true identity...	
Rin Tohsaka: For the time being, we'll overlook
the issue of your identity.	
Rin Tohsaka: And now, Archer, your first job.	
Archer: Right down to business, then.	
Archer: My Master is belligerent.	
Archer: And who is my enemy—	
Rin Tohsaka: Clean the living room.	
Rin Tohsaka: You made that mess, so I expect
you to make it spotless.	
Archer: Wait.	
Archer: What do you think Servants are?	
Rin Tohsaka: Familiars, right?	
Rin Tohsaka: These talk back and are unruly, though.	
Archer: As you wish.	
Archer: And you can go to hell, Master.	
Rin Tohsaka: Father...	
Rin Tohsaka: The battle I've been awaiting for
ten years is about to begin.	
Rin Tohsaka: My Holy Grail War...	
Rin Tohsaka: This is way beyond running late.	
Rin Tohsaka: I'll just skip school today.	
Rin Tohsaka: Right, it was Archer I summoned, not Saber.	
Rin Tohsaka: With the added bonus that
he doesn't know who he is.	
Rin Tohsaka: I've got a headache, all of a sudden.	
Rin Tohsaka: I'm exhausted.	
Rin Tohsaka: Did the summoning drain all my mana?	
Rin Tohsaka: Maybe he isn't so bad.	
Archer: The sun came up long ago.	
Archer: You're quite the slob, aren't you, girl?	
Rin Tohsaka: This is good.	
Rin Tohsaka: What are you smirking at?	
Rin Tohsaka: More importantly, have you
remembered who you are?	
Archer: No.	
Rin Tohsaka: Fine.	
Rin Tohsaka: I'll think of what to do about
your amnesia in due time.	
Rin Tohsaka: Get ready to go out, Archer.	
Rin Tohsaka: I'll show you around the city.	
Archer: Before that, Master, aren't you
forgetting something important?	
Rin Tohsaka: Something important?	
Archer: Good grief...	
Archer: We have yet to carry out the most
important exchange of our pact.	
Rin Tohsaka: The most important exchange of our pact?	
Archer: Girl... You really aren't a
morning person, are you?	
Rin Tohsaka: Who do you think you are,
"girl" this and "girl" that?!	
Rin Tohsaka: I...	
Rin Tohsaka: Darn.	
Rin Tohsaka: Our names.	
Archer: It finally clicked?	
Archer: So, Master... From now on,
what shall I call you?	
Rin Tohsaka: I'm Tohsaka Rin.	
Rin Tohsaka: Call me whatever you want.	
Archer: I will call you "Rin," then.	
Archer: Yes, the sound of it suits you.	
Rin Tohsaka: What do you think? Doesn't this place
have a great view of the city?	
Archer: If we'd come here in the first place,
we wouldn't have had to walk around all day.	
Rin Tohsaka: What are you talking about?	
Rin Tohsaka: All you get from up here is a
panoramic view of the city.	
Rin Tohsaka: You can't get a feel for how a city is
laid out unless you go places in person.	
Archer: That isn't quite true.	
Archer: My class isn't called "Archer" for nothing.	
Archer: Without excellent eyesight,
bowmen aren't much use.	
Archer: Let's see.	
Archer: I can make out how many
tiles are on that bridge.	
Rin Tohsaka: I'm amazed.	
Rin Tohsaka: The Archer class really is made up of archers!	
Archer: Rin...	
Archer: Could it be that you're mocking me?	
Rin Tohsaka: Of course not.	
Rin Tohsaka: It's him. I know it.	
Archer: Have you spotted our enemy?	
Rin Tohsaka: No, just an acquaintance.	
Rin Tohsaka: An ordinary person who has nothing to do with this.	
Archer: I neglected to ask you something.	
Rin Tohsaka: Which is?	
Archer: Rin, were you trained from an
early age to be a Master?	
Archer: And did you go along with that?	
Rin Tohsaka: That's right.	
Rin Tohsaka: For generations, winning the Grail
has been the Tohsaka dream.	
Archer: Then I expect that you know your goal.	
Archer: Unless I know your wish, I cannot
entrust my blades to you.	
Archer: Rin, what is your wish?	
Rin Tohsaka: Wish?	
Rin Tohsaka: I don't really have one.	
Archer: What?	
Archer: That isn't possible.	
Archer: The Grail is an omnipotent cup
that can grant any wish.	
Archer: It has the power to conquer
the real world for you.	
Rin Tohsaka: Conquering the world seems
like a pain in the butt,	
Rin Tohsaka: and there's no point in wishing
for dumb things like that.	
Archer: I fail to understand.	
Archer: Why, then, are you fighting?	
Rin Tohsaka: Because there's a battle to be fought, Archer.	
Archer: Then you are...	
Rin Tohsaka: Yes, I'm fighting to win. That's all.	
Archer: All right...	
Archer: You are indeed my ideal Master.	
Archer: There can be no doubt that you
are the perfect Master for me.	
Archer: There is no one else whom I could hope to serve.	
Rin Tohsaka: Hey—	
Archer: Rin? Why are you hiding?	
Rin Tohsaka: It's someone I know.	
Rin Tohsaka: I skipped school today, so I don't
want to run into anyone.	
Rin Tohsaka: Kirei? It's me.	
Rin Tohsaka: I made a pact with Archer last night,
so please list me officially as a Master.	
Kirei Kotomine: Very well.	
Kirei Kotomine: Then, what are your plans?	
Kirei Kotomine: Would you care to stop by?	
Kirei Kotomine: I have something for you that
your parents left in my care.	
Rin Tohsaka: You mean Father's will?	
Rin Tohsaka: I already deciphered it and found
what he left, so that's fine.	
Rin Tohsaka: I'll stop by if I'm ever in the mood,
so I'll see you then.	
Kirei Kotomine: Wait, Rin—	
Archer: Are you going to school?	
Rin Tohsaka: Yes.	
Rin Tohsaka: Is that a problem?	
Archer: No, but isn't a school	
Archer: a location where it would be difficult
to prepare for surprise attacks?	
Rin Tohsaka: We avoid public battles with
other Masters, don't we?	
Rin Tohsaka: So I think if we're somewhere as public as a school,	
Rin Tohsaka: there's little chance of a sneak attack.	
Archer: Purely hypothetically,	
Archer: if there is an enemy in this haven,
what will you do?	
Rin Tohsaka: That won't happen.	
Rin Tohsaka: There's only one mage family in
this city besides the Tohsaka.	
Rin Tohsaka: That family is a shadow of its former self.	
Rin Tohsaka: They could never produce a Master.	
Archer: Then what you're saying is that there is
indeed another mage at your school.	
Archer: But this person possesses insufficient
mana to ever become a Master.	
Rin Tohsaka: Exactly.	
Archer: Nevertheless, Rin, there is an
exception to everything.	
Archer: If a mage you're unaware of is at the school...	
Rin Tohsaka: This is more than just stale air...	
Rin Tohsaka: Has a magical barrier already been established?	
Archer: Not fully.	
Archer: But preparations seem to be well underway.	
Archer: To act so boldly, this person
is either a heavy hitter...	
Rin Tohsaka: Or a complete novice.	
Rin Tohsaka: If a bounded field can be sensed by
others, that's a third-rate hack.	
Rin Tohsaka: A first-rate mage stays hidden
until they're ready to strike.	
Archer: What is your plan, Rin?	
Rin Tohsaka: I don't give a damn whether this
person's first-rate or third-rate.	
Rin Tohsaka: Whoever started to put up crude garbage
like this in my territory gets taken out!	
Rin Tohsaka: Listen, Archer...	
Rin Tohsaka: After school, we'll start by examining the barrier.	
Rin Tohsaka: Let's decide whether to remove or leave it
once we determine what kind of field it is.	
Rin Tohsaka: We'll talk later, Archer.	
Rin Tohsaka: Let me help you, Sakura.	
Sakura Matou: Tohsaka-senpai!	
Sakura Matou: Thank you, Senpai.	
Rin Tohsaka: It's no problem.	
Rin Tohsaka: So, are you taking these to your class?	
Sakura Matou: To Kuzuki-sensei.	
Sakura Matou: He said there was a typo, so he
was taking them all back.	
Rin Tohsaka: Kuzuki-sensei is a perfectionist, all right.	
Rin Tohsaka: This makes seven.	
Rin Tohsaka: Anyway, this one seems to be the trigger point.	
Rin Tohsaka: I've never seen, or even heard of, writing like this.	
Rin Tohsaka: Darn it.	
Rin Tohsaka: This is way over my head.	
Rin Tohsaka: Archer, you can sense the
barrier's nature, can't you?	
Rin Tohsaka: If this barrier is activated,	
Rin Tohsaka: it will cause every human inside
it to literally dissolve.	
Rin Tohsaka: This is soul-eating.	
Rin Tohsaka: A fortress of blood that will dissolve	
Rin Tohsaka: any human body within the field,
and harvest the souls oozing out.	
Rin Tohsaka: And as for who, or what, might want souls,
the obvious answer is a Servant.	
Rin Tohsaka: Archer, would your kind do such a thing?	
Archer: You surmise correctly.	
Archer: Fundamentally, we are non-corporeal beings.	
Archer: Just as your kind partakes of meat as nourishment,
Servants partake of minds and souls.	
Archer: In other words, the more ingested,
the greater the mana stores.	
Rin Tohsaka: Meaning that they aren't satisfied with
the mana their Master is supplying?	
Archer: It's not that they aren't satisfied,
but that more is always better.	
Archer: To absorb energy from nearby humans
is a basic stratagem of a Master.	
Archer: In that sense, this barrier is highly effective.	
Rin Tohsaka: I feel aggravated.	
Rin Tohsaka: Never say such a thing again, Archer.	
Archer: I agree.	
Archer: I would never do something like this.	
Rin Tohsaka: Let's erase it, then.	
Rin Tohsaka: I may not completely undo it, but I
can throw a wrench in the works.	
Lancer: What, you're going to erase it?	
Lancer: What a waste.	
Rin Tohsaka: Is this your handiwork?	
Lancer: Nope.	
Lancer: Stooping to dirty tricks is a mage's role.	
Lancer: My kind simply fights when and where we're told.	
Lancer: Right, my invisible buddy?	
Rin Tohsaka: So you can see Archer...	
Rin Tohsaka: You're a Servant!	
Lancer: And if you know that, little girl,
can I assume you're my enemy?	
Rin Tohsaka: Fenced in on four sides...
Fighting here, we're at a disadvantage.	
Lancer: Impressive.	
Lancer: You seem ignorant, but you have the gist of things.	
Lancer: Boy, I really blew it.	
Lancer: I shouldn't have let curiosity...	
Lancer: ...get the better of me and spoken up.	
Rin Tohsaka: Es ist groß.	
Rin Tohsaka: Es ist klein!	
Rin Tohsaka: Vox Gott Es Atlas!	
Rin Tohsaka: Archer, handle the landing.	
Rin Tohsaka: Archer!	
Lancer: Now that's more like it!	
Lancer: I'm okay with people who get
right down to business!	
Rin Tohsaka: Lancer-class Servant!	
Lancer: Indeed.	
Lancer: Your Servant doesn't strike me as a Saber, though.	
Lancer: Who are you?	
Lancer: You don't seem like the proper,
single-combat type, either.	
Lancer: So, an Archer.	
Lancer: Go on, take out your bow, Archer.	
Lancer: I'll wait for you.	
Rin Tohsaka: Archer?	
Rin Tohsaka: What's he...	
Rin Tohsaka: Archer, you'll get no assistance from me.	
Rin Tohsaka: Right here and now, show me what you've got!	
Lancer: You fool!	
Rin Tohsaka: So this is a battle between Servants...	
Lancer: That was stupid.	
Rin Tohsaka: Archer!	
Lancer: A dual wielder, huh?	
Lancer: A mere bowman who thinks
he's a swordsman, eh?	
Lancer: Twenty-seven.	
Lancer: To think I've disarmed you twenty-seven
times, yet you still have more.	
Archer: What's the matter? This wait-and-see
approach isn't like you.	
Archer: Where'd all that spirit go?	
Lancer: Trying to provoke me, you sly old man?	
Lancer: Fine, I'll ask the question.	
Lancer: What land's Heroic Spirit are you?	
Lancer: I've never heard of a bowman
who wields two swords.	
Archer: You, on the other hand, are easily identifiable.	
Archer: They say that only the swiftest heroes
are chosen to be spearmen,	
Archer: and you stand head-and-shoulders above them.	
Archer: There aren't even three spearmen
of your skill in the world.	
Archer: Add in a beast's agility, and that leaves but one.	
Lancer: You flatter me, Archer.	
Lancer: Then, will you face my mightiest blow?	
Archer: I won't stop you.	
Archer: You are an enemy I must overcome eventually.	
Rin Tohsaka: This is bad...	
Rin Tohsaka: That massive amount of mana...	
Rin Tohsaka: He's clearly about to use his Noble Phantasm.	
Rin Tohsaka: If he attacks...	
Lancer: Who's there?	
Rin Tohsaka: A student?	
Rin Tohsaka: Someone was still in the school building?	
Archer: So it would seem.	
Archer: It saved my life, actually.	
Rin Tohsaka: Wait, where did Lancer go?	
Archer: He chased after that person.	
Archer: He's a witness, so he probably
went to eliminate him.	
Rin Tohsaka: Follow them, Archer!	
Rin Tohsaka: I'll catch up!	
Rin Tohsaka: Damn it, that was so stupid!	
Rin Tohsaka: Eliminating witnesses is the first rule for mages.	
Rin Tohsaka: I hated that rule, so I've always been extra careful.	
Rin Tohsaka: Archer, follow Lancer.	
Rin Tohsaka: If we don't at least learn his Master's face,
none of this will have been worth it.	
Rin Tohsaka: Rin, this is your responsibility.	
Rin Tohsaka: Lancer pierced him with his spear...	
Rin Tohsaka: If his heart was hit, there's no way to save him.	
Rin Tohsaka: I'm sorry.	
Rin Tohsaka: I'll sit with you until your time comes.	
Rin Tohsaka: Don't do this to me...	
Rin Tohsaka: Why are you here?	
Rin Tohsaka: Why did you have to pick this hour,
on this day, to be here?	
Rin Tohsaka: How am I supposed to look
her in the eye tomorrow?	
Rin Tohsaka: There's still a way.	
Archer: I'm sorry, but I failed.	
Archer: This Master is very cautious.	
Rin Tohsaka: Oh.	
Rin Tohsaka: I guess I shouldn't have expected
it to be that easy.	
Rin Tohsaka: You went to get it for me?	
Archer: Don't lose it again.	
Archer: It doesn't suit anyone but you.	
Rin Tohsaka: You think?	
Rin Tohsaka: Well, thanks.	
Rin Tohsaka: Like I thought, there doesn't seem
to be any mana left in it at all.	
Rin Tohsaka: Hang on...	
Archer: What is it, Rin?	
Rin Tohsaka: When Lancer's Master learns the witness
they thought they'd killed is still alive...	
Archer: He'll probably send Lancer back to finish the job.	
Archer: This isn't your burden to bear...	
Rin Tohsaka: After what it cost me to save him,
I'm not about to let him die!	
Rin Tohsaka: He's here...	
Rin Tohsaka: The Lancer-class Servant!	
Archer: Wait, Rin!	
Archer: I'm sensing more than one Servant!	
Rin Tohsaka: The Saber-class Servant...	
Shirou Emiya: Trace on.	
Shirou Emiya: You're an early riser, Tohsaka.	
Rin Tohsaka: Still, there should be a way.	
Shirou Emiya: I need to live, to fulfill my duties.	
Illyasviel von Einzbern: If you don't summon yours soon,
you're gonna die, Onii-chan.	
Lancer: Seventh Servant?	